YUM!! Duck is a special little place. It isn't like the other donut shops that have pre-made donuts sitting neatly on racks waiting for you. Duck rolls out warm donuts fresh and glazes them  after you order them. This ensures a fresh, delicious donut. I recommend the maple bacon, strawberry bacon, cinnamon roll and almond joy. Want to take a whole bunch home? Make sure you pop them in the microwave for 10 seconds before you eat them!
This says it all...my husband said, "I'm sure glad it isn't close to home!" Close to my work though! If you like a cake donut and icing then you have found your go to donuts shop.
When Blythe told me he'd checked out a new spot that he thought that I, in particular, would really like, I got quite excited and resolved to toddle along as soon as I could.\n\nOh Blythe. You were right, my friend.\n\nDinky as a daisy and blue as a cornflower, I can criticise this little joy in one way only - that it isn't nearer to my house. Their "soup and half sandwich" deal for £4.95 is pretty breath-taking - if that's HALF a sandwich, I don't wanna see a full one! You can choose the bread type for your butty as well - I went with a tiger baguette filled with chilli chicken mayo and yippity-yum was I glad that I did. Good hearty soup to go with it, too, oh yes indeedy. That, along with a generous pot of tea, hit the spot for £7.15, which I reckon is pretty darned good going.\n\nThey also, as Blythe and Julie both mentioned, do Tennessee buttermilk pancakes (ZZZZZIP) so I will be back ere long to have a chompy brekkist here as well.\n\nThe menu is presented on a clipboard and the wall is adorned with the simple but rather effective conceit of spelling the name of the cafe in large letters, each printed on A4, popped on a clipboard and stuck to the wall. The only other piece of decoration on the wall is an adorable poster for the cafe's Tennessee namesake, the famous acoustic music club.\n\nDisclosure: I have never been the kind of person who has a yen to travel. Tennessee, however, is one of the only places in the world I have ever actually wanted to go to. And now I feel like I can trot on down there for pancakes any day of the week.
I'm a sucker for pastries and breads, and though this bakery is about 2 minutes from my house, in 20 years I never tried this local bakery. This morning though I took a little detour on my way to work and jumped in to see what they had.\n\nThey have a number of baked pastries including strudels, doughnuts, croissants, cinnamon buns and cookies. Prices were $1.50 per pastry (or $8 for 6) and $0.80 per cookie. I tried a doughnut and chocolate croissant, and while both were OK, but they didn't stand out from what you could get at any other bakery, or even your local supermarket. They weren't bad though. To be fair, I don't have a toaster oven at work to heat up the croissant. \n\nThey sold pies for $7, but when asked when they were baked they said last Wed or Thurs, so I didn't pick one up. the lady said they usually bake them once a week.  I wouldn't be surprised if they did that with a lot of their pastries and baked goods. \n\nThey had some buns as well that looked alright, and sold delis and meats as well.  Nothing looked especially good, pretty standard fare.\n\nYou get a free pound cake if you spend more then $30 at the bakery. (while quantities last).\n\nSo to sum up, if you live in the area it's not a bad bakery and you'd get fresher food than the Food Basics that is in the same plaza, but the prices are average for a bakery or supermarket. You may want to ask when they make a fresh batch of baked goods so you can time it and get freshly baked goods.
The Town Square shopping center is a pretty interesting place because the mix of shops & activities is good for locals & tourists.  The wait at Brio on Mother's Day was 90 minutes, so GameWorks provided a much-needed distraction for Baby C.  Hat tip to Phil T for mentioning this place.  Otherwise, I would have never known about it.\n\nI noticed a few games were straight-up imports from Japan, and other games that I had never seen anywhere else, such as Kung-Fu Panda (so much fun), Transformers and Mario Kart.  There's the usual skee-ball, and some air hockey games as well.  I paid an absurd amount of $ for Baby C to get candy and some water gun made in Taiwan, but that's not the point.  The point is 90 minutes went by pretty quickly, and Baby C was totally entertained.  Not entirely happy about paying a deposit for a card, since I gave it back to GameWorks at the end of the day.  But it's Vegas, so you're not even thinking about it.
This place is really only decent for its sushi selection. Better than the sushi boxes you get at the nearby Metro. Other than that the bento boxes are pretty forgettable. Staple place for everyone that works around Liberty Village. Might be good for team lunches because of their nice patio.\n\nAlso on Ritual.
First time having dimsum in Chinatown in a long time since there are a lot of great options uptown. Worth going downtown for this place. All the dishes were delicious and they have a great variety of options. Also love that they still serve it in the pushy carts. The only negative comment I have is service is lacking.
The food is always spectacular, don't get me wrong. I love the flavour of all their foods. The best ones is their make your own noodle bowl, and their steamed rice. Their breakfast options are okay - wish the toast would be crispier. The service is better this time, at least our waitress did not get our drinks or our food orders wrong. Gneerally some of their staff needs to improve on their attitudes towards their customers. I get that it's a SUnday afternoon and you are busy, but there is no need to roll your eyes at your customers, especially when we as a large group already agreed to splitting up in order for her to seat us easier (yes i'm talking about the hostess). Anyway love the food, but they really need to work on their service... one of the rare occasions where i had to consider cutting my tip or no tip.
Traditional Vienna Beef eatery. Good service. Nice, clean dining area. Busy as hell at lunch. Limited parking. \n\nThe process: enter, get in line at the register. At lunch time a counter babe will walk the line taking orders before you make it to the register, to speed things up. They ask your first name too. When your order is ready they call your name. So place your order, get your drink and get a seat. Better yet, if busy get a seat first, then get in line. \n\n\nBeware that several items on the menu are priced to include fries. If you are ordering a few Chicago Dogs to go home, you're gonna pay for and get an order of fries for each one. They finally added the wording on one menu board that these items all have fries added. I have not asked but would guess that you can manually opt out of fries on everything but you would have to specifically ask.
Excellent little spot in Liberty Village. Biggest surprise: best miso soup I've ever had in Toronto. The sushi is pretty standard for a cheap sushi joint, and yes, like a previous reviewer, I was surprised to find my sashimi almost frozen. But to me, that's a small complaint. I plan to go back and make my way through their cooked menu, which so far I've enjoyed more.
Im fairly surprised by all the negative reviews on here. Fraticelli's is one of my favourite sit down restaurants in Richmond Hill. Their decor, and food is amazing. Although their  service is a bit of a hit or miss everything else about this place is amazing. The complementary bread and olive oil sauce is so good and sometimes I wish i could just eat that as my main. The chicken piccata with basil pesto orzo is amazing!!! This is a fairly generous portion including two chicken breasts and lots of orzo topped with delicious capers. Im not a fan of pasta but I do love me some ravioli and Fraticelli's did not disappoint, my only negative comment would be that the ravioli was a bit too buttery but nonetheless still delicious. Overall im always fairly pleased with this place, and I have yet to sit on their patio :)
Their signature fruit meringue cakes are good but save yourself the disappointment and don't get the tiramisu. Tiramisu is always my bday cake so I know a good one when I have it. I decided to try this place this year and I have to say even T&T's grocery store cakes are better than it.
Horrible service...Disgusting food...prices are crazy for the small portion they serve you.
Arrived late into the city and a group of us decided to eat here. Burgers, salad, chicken, and steak were delicious.  We were seated at a family style wood table with dripping wax candelabras and lights were low so an intimate ambiance. A few of my friends I was with were here before and said the food was still just as delicious as last time. Would go again, maybe for lunch to sit on outdoor patio.
Any place that has belly dancers shake their stuff in your face during dinner gets high marks in my book.\n\nI think the belly dancer(s) are there only on the weekends around 8, but you might want to check it out.\n\nLoved the food.   Garlic naan, very good.  The kitchen is partially open which is nice because you can see them put the meat skewers out of the ovens (maybe they call them tandoors or something) anyways very good food.\n\nI bit more upscale than most other Indian places in the valley.
This is easily the best Indian food in Scottsdale, especially for the price! It's extremely reasonable and absolutely delicious. Comes out quick and tastes fantastic. Friendly staff makes it all the better. I eat here a lot, you should too!
Do not come here on a busy Saturday. The burgers are not made to par. It was nowhere close to picture. Picture showed two patties and we received with one. Come to realize their patties were too small for the bread. When the sandwich was sliced in half there were one patty on each half of the sandwich. This was one of the Patty Melts. As I watch them make the burgers, they were flattening the meat so thin that you hardly get any meat! I gave this a 3 star because our waiter was super friendly otherwise it's 1 or 2 star. I would not go to this Steak and Shake.
I've always enjoyed my time at brick house food and cocktails never disappoint! Its perfect for after work in the summer time. The staff is always polite and the decore is beautiful, a must place to be!
We used to love this place... everything changed. Even the name. They no longer have the awesome Vento boxes, the service is mediocre, kids meals no longer exist. They had such a good thing originally.
We went to Bampot on a Friday to meet up, drink some tea, have some snacks and spend endless hours playing obscure board games. Of those things, they hit 2/3. Board games were a ton of fun and the selection was great. We spent about 5.5 hours there and actually made it within 15 minutes of closing at about 1:30am. The tea selection is also pretty extensive; some of the teas are also hand blended/mixed in-house and may take a bit longer to prepare. I had the Bazaar blend (hand mixed) and it was excellent. The right balance of a strong black tea with a unique mixture of spices including saffron that brought a nice twist. \n\nThe downsides now. While the tea was good, the snacks were just okay. And we tried quite a few of them. Vegetarian curry, peppermint chocolate cake, boterkoek, hummus and salad and bowl of bits and bites (kind of like a trail mix). None of those were great and worth ordering again in my eyes. But it's good to have some snacks while indulging in the tea and games. \n\nAnother downside was the service - VE-RY SLOW. It's a good thing the board games kept us distracted. Other than that, the seating is comfy and cafe is very Bohemian inspired. I thought it was a nice surprise to find out some of the art work on display can be purchased.\n\nOverall, would recommend Bampot for a fun night of board games and great tea!
Great Pho.  Good Bahn Mi.  I would eat here every day if I ate out that much!  I just wish they had hot Vietnamese coffee on the menu and then this place would be perfect.
I was excited to check this place out, so husband and I went  on a rainy weeknight when it seemed like the perfect dish. The food was tasty and affordable and the restaurant was clean. It was pretty busy, so it took awhile for them to take our order even though we were sat at a table right away. Food came out quick and did not disappoint. So glad to have a new yummy spot nearby. We will definitely be back!
This restaurant was a delightful surprise!  Our small group of weary travelers loved everything about it- from the beautiful decor to the unbelievable array of delicious buffet foods (shrimp, crab, fish, pork, beef and chicken fixed in countless ways) As if there wasn't enough choices, you can pick out the raw ingredients and have them hibachi stir-fry it right in front of you.  My son and I loved the very fresh fruits, sushi and scads of fresh ice cream choices as well as other sumptuous deserts.  I've eaten at a number of Chinese buffets and this one far surpasses anything I've ever eaten.  Even the picky grandkids were on board! Too bad we live so far away!
Went in for the first time tonight and within the first bite of garlic bread we knew we would be regulars! Yes even the garlic bread is THAT good, better than we have had anywhere else. Everything is authentic, the atmosphere is incredibly warm and inviting, and the staff is unmatched by any restaurant around . Do yourself a favor if you are on this side of town... stop in for a relaxing dinner, enjoy a glass of wine, and finish off your meal with a delicious cannoli or piece of tiramisu. I promise you the only thing you may regret is not being able to finish off the entire meal since there portions are very generous! The staff makes you feel welcome and like family, who wouldn't want to revisit such an inviting place with yummy food?!? \n\nThey are going to be an amazing success here! Welcome to the neighborhood  we cannot wait to come back and visit Trattoria Italia where Italian food is done right!! Thank you for an amazing experience, see you next week... or maybe in a day or two
Location: Right by Dupont subway station. There are some paid parking nearby.\n\nPrice: Overall, it came down to around $25/person after ordering appetizers, tacos/burritos, and alcoholic drinks. \n\nFood: The fried baha fish tacos were delicious! The batter is thin and super crispy, but not oozing grease. I'd say this is a must-get, especially if you're pain-avoidant and can't handle spice. The octopus tacos were very tender, yet charred just enough for the flavour to be strong. It's on the spicy side though, but you can ask for the non-spice version. Their home-made nachos were thick and crispy. They also offer sugar-cane Coca cola if you want to avoid high fructose corn syrup drinks. The burrito was gigantic and covered in sauce and veggies. \n\nService: Very quick service, and the waiter was very helpful.\n\nOverall: delicious Mexican food that's well cooked. Book ahead if you want a place inside. We walked in and only the patio had seats.
They may have the best chili cheese dog on the planet.  You can get it with nacho cheese or fresh grated cheddar cheese, your pick.  Also, the home made jalapeno pepper topping they have is to die for.  Love this place.  Oh, yea, their onion rings are yummy as well.
well for downtown Dim sum, it was pretty good.  I've had better but the place is big enough you don't have to wait.  Though you do have to wait for things to come around.  Went on a Sunday and I was surprised more carts weren't coming around.  I thought the selection was less than what I'd get at sky dragon though I find sky dragon more oily.  this is my second time here, last time I came during the week and I only thought it was ok.  Maybe cause the selection is less. But I don't like their har gow, they use more tapioca starch than wheat starch and I don't like it.  Though most people wouldn't notice that.  I'm curious to try the weekday again ..definitely not a place to go if you can't take your time.
Hands down this is Las Vegas best mom and pop style Italian cuisine off the strip. I usually don't order a meatball anywhere else because the meatball marinara from this place is the gold standard that most other establishments can't mimic. \n\nThere is just so much flavor in this and in every other item I've ordered here. You have to be hungry if you order the chicken Parmesan because it is a large piece of battered chicken! The garden salads with their oil and vinegar dressings have many ingredients. The spaghetti and meatballs are always good as the sauce is soaked well into the noodles.
This place has great discounts on drinks and appetizers most likely to drive business. $3.50 wells and beers such as Stella Artois are a win! My friends ordered nachos but they didn't look like they liked them much. Bartender as others are saying did seem slower. \n\nIn terms of an arcade venue, the space is massive and seems like they devoted too much room for restaurant as opposed to adding more games; possibly a bigger bowling alley with more lanes. I did not get to check out the LAN they had setup; next time!
My parents dragged me here for lunch after our trip to Ikea. I really hate buffets so I didn't expect much at all. And I was right. This place was terrible. The majority of the food here is defrosted. I don't get why anyone would want to eat here. For $13 per person, you can order about 2 dishes for a lunch special at a much better and cleaner Chinese restaurant that's not a buffet.
My girlfriend use to get pizza here when she tutored evenings at PTI and told me it was good. I also read favorable reviews by others from another location with the same name. I tried this place on a whim one day and thought it was good enough to return to a few times before I moved from the area.\n\nThe pizza is super cheap in my opinion. You order by the slice and the crust is thick, crispy, rectangular and at a formidable size to boot. The cheese is put on after the pizza is cooked so it keeps a crumbly/just barely warm consistency. This might be surprising if you are unaware but I thought it was great and an interesting way to do pizza.\n\nIf you want pizza by the slice that doesn't add up to a small fortune when you buy a few at a time (I'm looking at you, Pizza Sola) definitely check this place out. I guarantee you you will find their take on pizza unique; whether or not you like it is up to you.
This place has absolutely the best Pho I've had in Phoenix. I went to college where they had a pho places everywhere but out here they are hard to come by. To date this is one of the tastiest places I've been to. The portions are good and the flavors are great. I did order a Thai tea with boba, the flavor of the tea was bland but the bobba was perfect. I would 100% recommend this place
Came here for the first time today and oh my goodness it was ahhhhhmazing. We got a dozen donuts, mixed glazes and toppings and each one we tried was perfection. We will definitely be coming back for more! It's a bit of a drive for us but beyond worth it.
Love this place! I had a mad craving for tacos one day, so I took a detour on my way home from work and stopped in for some Mexican fare. \n\nObviously, I'm not Mexican and I have actually never even been to Mexico, so I'm definitely not qualified to speak about the authenticity of the food here, but I most certainly can comment on the flavours and presentation of the food. My opinion is WOW... just Wow. Seriously delicious food. I had the octopus tacos, guacamole with chips and finished off with crab cakes. I also had a beer, but in hindsight I should've had a margarita instead. They looked delicious! \n\nI tried a few different hot sauces, and boy, were they good! A couple were a bit too hot for me, but I enjoyed trying them. I put a couple of drops of each one onto the guacamole as I devoured it, so I could see which one I liked best. \n\nThe octopus tacos were perfection. I should've ordered double and skipped the crab cakes, as they were not as enjoyable for me. The guacamole was fantastic and I loved the house made chips. \n\nService was exceptional. I sat at the bar on my own and everyone was extremely friendly and I felt very welcome. Oftentimes, when dining solo, I feel a bit out of place or ignored. Not the case here. It seemed that the staff really went out of their way to make me feel at ease and ensure that I had a good experience. What a difference this makes in a dining experience. \n\nCan't wait to go back for more tacos!!
Good food, good prices, good veggie options. Ordered the Veggie Pho, love that it had baby bok choy and broccoli. Will be back!
The BEST & REAL ITALIAN Food in Las Vegas! So many wannabes  Italian Restaurants in Vegas. This is the real deal! SIMPLY THE BEST!
Usually love Tandoori Times.  Ordered a new dish not realizing the vegetables were going to be fried.  Seriously, it was like eating French fries.  Manager was very offended (and rude) when we sent it back.  He made the waitress back to tell us we would be charged for it.\n\nIt was the Mixed Veg Akora.  Thanks!
Incredibly nice staff in an awesone ramen bar that is uber-cool. 3 projectors play Japanese anime behind the bar with the staff curating a great selection of music. \nFantastic ramen with great, small plates of tasty Yakitori also on the menu. Decent selection of sake, plus craft beer, wine & full bar with signature cocktails also on the menu. \nA great, cool place that's been needed on the Westside for quite some time!
Just got back from Red Koi in Mesa.  Food was OK, prices were not.\n\nFurthermore, I received a coupon from them in the mail a couple weeks ago, which happened to expire several days ago.  When the server took the coupon to the manager to see if they could honor it, the manager refused.\n\nI'm sorry, but Red Koi is a new restaurant, trying to get new customers in there.  My fiance and I went there for our first time and they cant honor a coupon that expired just a few days ago?   I work in this industry, and restaurants are hurting right now.  Turning away new customers is bad business, and thus we wont be going back there again.  There are plenty of other restaurants in the Mesa/Gilbert area that treat their customers better.
It's alright the service is good and the food is good but it's loud as hell inside and out and usually a bunch of college kids but it is very good food though
The Playland was awesome. The breakfast was very good for a McDonald's as well. The store was clean. The Playland was very clean. The portion size this morning was good. The four-star is compared to other McDonald's. Not because it is a four star restaurant.
Super slow service. Burgers came out burned on the outside and pink in the middle. Fries were cold. 3rd visit, with each worse than the prior. Won't be back.
Their Guac and hot sauce can do no wrong - really enjoyed it.\n\nBeware, you can get carried away with the chips and indulging in the guac and may be stuffed by the time your Entree arrives
Amazing Mexican food! The guac and chips are amazing, as well as the tostadas. Big portions and awesome flavour. Highly recommend.
Been to this place twice to eat and play the games.  The game part is fine my issue is with the service with food, first of all the menu is weak , selections of food are poor the salads are gross more lettuce than meat.  The second time we came i thought my meal was better than the first time I came however the waiter was horrible hardly came over to the table we sat for 15mins waiting for another drink and another 15 mins for silverware. Then we just wanted our bill and this guy was no where to be found.   Obviously I should learn but my two first choices of where to eat had no availability .   I will try My hardest not to come back here.   And if a manager reads this. Have yr staff get it together.
1st time here. Came w my Unc bc Louies was closed! Why Louie Why??? 2 burgers 2 salads 2 iced teas 36.70 and still hungry!!! Burger is good, brioge bun is good, literally got 14 shoe string fries w my burger. It was ridiculous this huge plate should not have so much empty space on it. Will not be back
Dante is the man. Knowledgeable, helpful, and overall cool guy. Go here for all your gaming needs and questions.
This is the best Mexican restaurant in the city. First of all, the building is really cool and each floor is decked out with neat designs. The service is SUPERB and the food was high quality and tasty. A lot of the other Mexican restaurants in the city did not have a lot of taste however each bite was filled with delicious flavours!
I took the recommendations of many and did make a reservation for a Saturday night a few days in advance, which was wise because we got the last table available. The space might be tiny, and the chairs might wobble a little bit, but the latin music will keep your body swaying. You will definitely find an authentic Mexican feel compared to any of the other restaurants in the city, but on to the food!\n\nWe started with the grilled corn with lime and quesco fresca. It is permeated with lime, and it tastes as if it has been swimming in a vast sea of lime. It is quite flavourful and delicious. Just wish it came with more cobs!\n\nFor our mains, we shared a plate of the ancho braised short rib tacos in the golden crispy tortillas, and a plate of tacos al pastor. The better of the two was definitely the ancho braised short rib. The crispy taco sets them apart from some of the other taco joints in the city, and the flavour and texture was quite superior to the tacos al pastor. The only downside is they can be a little messy. The tacos al pastor was pretty light on the pineapple, and could have used a little sauce, and even seemed smaller than the short rib. Plus they came in a soft tortilla shell which wasn't as special. I don't think I'd order them again. On the other hand, the short rib tacos were good enough that we ordered another round.\n\nAnd on to dessert. The tres leches cake was amazing and one of the best desserts I've ever had. At a reasonable 7 dollars, and big enough for sharing. This is a dessert you don't want to pass on. It isn't overall sweet, and it doesn't taste one note. I found the taste and texture of the dessert transformed in my mouth and finished differently on both accounts. 5 stars for this dessert, and would be the main reason I would go back. It will leave you feeling good about your choice of passing on a McFlurry from McDonald's on the way home, and if that is not a win, I don't know what is.
Ok, this restaurant  is great!  The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is decent, the service??? Usually, the service is great. There is this one waitress name Brittany. First, she could not figure out how to place my order in the computer. I watched other people get their food before me. When she told me what happened, I told her I was on a time crunch. She immediately turned around and voila!!! My food arrived! Then I made a short statement as to why i needed my food quickly.  Brittany said "oh, you made it seem like it was something grand".  I do not believe my reason is up to her to decide what is grand and what is not grand. What a dumb move for a waitress!? Well, once the fabulous meal was over, she stole what change I had. She probably knew she was not going to get tip. Owners of Yakiramen, do yourselves a favor and get rid of that waitress. Brittany will make you lose customers for sure! I would have given 5 stars, however Brittany's service is subpar and I will not be returning until she is gone. I will be sure to tell my company about her as well.
This past weekend, my bf and I did a quick trip to Champaign, because we just needed to get out of Chicago for a couple of days.  When we parked our car and walked down Green St., there were a whole bunch of NEW restaurants compared to when I went to college years ago.  One familiar restaurant was Zorba's.  Got two med. gyros, fries, and drinks to go.  When we sat outside on the quad, we upwrapped a tightly rolled gyro.  So eating it outside on a windy day was not a problem at all!  Really good and the pita seemed fresh and light, not super greasy like the joints here in Chicago.  Don't think I'll go back to Champaign for a long time, but it's a great lunch/dinner option.
We had a work party in the e sports area. The staff were extremely helpful and so easy to work with in planning and when we arrived. The place was festive and most importantly the food and drink was good and plentiful.\n\nOur average age is 40 and everyone had a blast. Some people were playing games for the first time and the staff made sure they learned how to use the controls in a fun and patient way.\n\nWe had a last minute conflict so our numbers were suddenly fewer than expected but they worked with us and we were very happy with how the party turned out.\n\nWe will return!
I enjoyed the food, the tea was good too. It was nice and calm while I was there and could enjoy the person I was with along with the food. You don't find that often in central Phoenix. Sure they didn't give me a fortune cookie but still a great place.
Wow, great donuts, what a selection,
I have only eaten here once, but visit several times a year to pick up cakes for any occasion. One of Maxim's most popular cakes is definitely the meringue (mango/strawberry); they are quite pricey ($32 for an 8") but are delicious...Two of crunchy meringue (with almonds) and fresh whipped cream in between.\n\nThey offer a wide variety of choices for cakes and have always been fresh (black forest, mango mousse, cheesecake/green tea cheesecake, white chocolate  cake, mango yogurt, mocha, many more!).\n\nThe one time I had lunch here it was very quiet. The lunch specials are more pricey than your normal westernized HK cafes (ie. Firefly) as they can be up to $13-20 for a combo...although it comes with soup, main, beverage and a slice of cake. The food itself isn't bad, but my main complaint is the pathetic size of the cake of choice... it is literally 1/2 of a normal slice..honestly I don't think it would hurt to give a full slice.. you'd win people like me over who have a sweet tooth :3.\n\nAdditionally, my other complaint would be that they charge $0.50 for a small chocolate badge if you want writing on certain cakes (i.e. the meringue). The service at the cake counter can be quite lacking although there are plenty of staff chilling behind the counter.\n\nThey accept credit card for transactions over $30.
Awful service, unfortunately the good food here does not make up for the unplesant experience.\n\nFirst off, I have been here several times but sadly will no longer be coming back to Fraticelli's. My first experience was pleasant, the server started us off with warm bread and olive oil/vinegar and the mushroom risotto is great. The interior decor is very warm and the staff are dressed very uniform.\n\nMy last (and most recent) experience, we were not offered any bread, our server never came to check up on us at all during our meal, and, to top it off he never offered us the dessert menu for after-meal desserts/beverages.\n\nOverall, for the price (~$20+ per entree), I expect a lot more, including consistent food and good service.
I wish I could review the food, I was super excited to eat here but we had to walk out! I booked a table for 2 one month in advance for my birthday. We arrived 10 mins early for the reservation and the host took a while to figure out where we would be sitting, even though there were 3 tables of 2 sitting empty. she finally came back and said we would have to sit at the bar. I said no thanks since I made a reservation I would like a table. She left again only to return and say "someone should have told you, you would be sitting at the bar" I informed her that I booked online through their website and no where did it specify that I had to choose between a table or the cramped bar. She said she would "see what she could do". The "bar" was 5 seats squashed together with 2 people already taking up half of the space and the counter was covered with bartender stuff and a cash register. She finally said we could sit at the bar for drinks and appetizers and MAYBE if someone didn't show up for their reservation we might be able to get a table. WHAT ABOUT MY RESERVATION? we reluctantly agreed but when we couldn't pull the chairs out because it was so small and cramped at the bar we just walked out. In hindsight I wish I had talked to the manager. I was so disappointed my birthday dinner had been ruined as I was so exited to try the much hyped food! Still not sure why they wouldn't honour my reservation, they must have over-booked and I was the unlucky schmuck that got bumped.
I thought the sandwiches were ok... they were pretty hard. We also got the buns and only the lemongrass beef one was good. Wanted the duck banh mi but they were sold out. Don't get their bbt because I had a sip and threw mine out lol. Overall I would only come back if I was really craving banh mi and since this place is only 7 minute drive away, it isn't so bad but it wouldn't be my first choice.
First of all, the restaurant is hard to find and we passed by a few times. The Google map led us to the wrong location (almost one block west). \n\nThe place is pretty small but I like the vibe of the place. There are a few areas can accommodate group of 6-8 people. Service is prompt and friendly. \n\nMy review is based on my lunch time experience. Two of us shared two appetizers and one burrito. \n\nPoblano corn crab cake with fresh Dungeness crab - they have rich taste of crab and the sauce is very, but I wish the crab meat could be more moist in terms of texture\n\nTacos de Pulpo (our favourite)\n- First I couldn't find it from the main course Taco section, but found it in the appetizer. A order comes with two tacos. Each one has a big piece of tentacle with spicy guacamole and corn topping. The tentacle is very tender and flavourful. Love this dish very much!! \n\nToluca Chorizo Burrito\n- Chorizo is flavourful and well mixed with rice and the sunny side up Egg enhance the flavour and texture. The green and red tomato sauce are nicely down. The portion is quite sizeable for one person. Recommend to share it with others so you can try their appetizers and dessert!\n\nDefinitely wanna come back to try other dishes especially the sponge cake with cream!
My partner and I went to Chula to check it out the other night, and here's our general assessment: the food, drinks, and atmosphere (read: patio) were quite good; the service was not. Pricey, but not outrageous.\n\nFood: We shared the pico de gallo, and I had a shrimp taco (although I'd ordered fish - see 'Service', below) and the mushroom burrito. \n\nWe also shared the churro sundae and the fudge plate. Everything was very good - fresh, flavourful, satisfying, good portions, and not too heavy (except dessert, but hey, when you order a churro sundae you know what you're in for).\n\nDrink: I had a cocktail, which was very nicely constructed; a good balance of sweet/dry. The beer selection looked good as well.\n\nAtmosphere: we were outside on a sunny day on comfortable furniture - can't ask for more than that!\n\nService: Some of the issue can be chalked up to inexperience and understaffing, but a lot was a simple lack of polish and organization. I think the layout may also have contributed - pathways are a smidge tight and the bar seems to be a specific area of difficulty (although I usually expect to wait longer for a cocktail, the beer took even longer).\n\nI want to be clear- everyone was very friendly, energetic and kind, which is the most important thing. However, all the staff seemed to lack important service basics - empty plates/glasses were left on the table throughout our meal; dishes went to the wrong table, or werethe wrong order; it took our neighbours 15 minutes to get water; servers were having what should have been private conversations about restaurant issues in front of diners, etc. etc.\n\nI'm rooting for Chula, and I do recommend it! I just hope that the service issues can be sorted out before too long, and I can update this review :)
My friend suggested that we start our Saturday night here before heading out to other Halloween festivities. Besides feeling completely out of place in our Halloween costumes we had a great time;-) It's a pretty low key place and it sits towards the back of this shopping complex so unless you know where you're going you would never find it. \n\nWe had a great experience since my friend personally knows one of the owners. We sat on the patio and started off with drinks and hookah and we were given some great suggestions for food. I decided to go for the chili prawns and garlic naan and a side of the basmati and saffron rice. I'm still drooling thinking about this food, it was so fresh and flavorful, I couldn't stop eating!!! The sauce the prawns came in...MAN was it tasty! \n\nAfter hookah, drinks and this delish food my girls and I got up danced a bit with the resident belly dancer inside of the restaurant! Overall it was a great experience, we felt like we were part of the family! Great service, great ambiance and perfect for dates or family night. \n\nIf I lived closer I would definitely be a regular!
Sicher eines der besten Brunch-Buffets in Stuttgart, große Auswahl an kalten und warmen Vorspeisen, ein Koch bereitet vor den Augen der Gäste Gerichte zu, Fisch und Fleisch als Hauptgang sowie ein Vegetarier-Gericht, tolle Desserts.  Sehr freundlicher Service, und der Blick vom Restaurant in den Park und auf den kleinen See ist herrlich. Viel Leistung fürs Geld ...
This is a nice doughnut shop. The staff is friendly enough and the doughnuts are really good.
The burgers are thin and the fries are too skinny for my liking. The food was hot when we got it but based on the thickness of the items I wasn't full and had to eat another small item to fulfill the meal. I never had the shakes here and I might try one of those next.
Great flavor! I would recommend the chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo - don't forget the garlic naan. However: service was a bit on the slow side and a little too expensive (what else can you expect in Scottsdale?).
Donuts were great. I like the fact that you can create your own donut. Bit of advice, eat it ASAP, the sooner you eat it the better it taste.
it's 5am, you just got out of the club dancing like a loca for 4+ hours, you absent-mindedly took a cab back to your timeshare condo 5 miles off the strip and are now starving.  where do you go?  why Geebee's across the street of course!\n\nthey offer the full menu 24 hours, 7 days a week.  there's nothing like a patty melt and heaping mound of fresh fries after a night of drinking and dancing.  the late night bartender was a lil rough at first, but soon sweetened up after chatting for a few minutes.  nothing could take away from the grubbin late night eats.  we also went for dinner and breakfast and were never disappointed.  you can't miss with a diner and full bar wrapped nicely with vegas lights and video poker.
This place is superb! I was hungry and wanted a nearby place. Extremely affordable. I am a total fan!
We stopped for a nosh after the Hollywood Costume exhibit. A pleasant respite in the sculpture garden. A nice selection of wines and craft brews as well as delectable dishes. Made the museum experience all that much more pleasant.
Go with the Lamb Lunch special here. Chicken is also acceptable. You will not be disappointed!
Our group of three came here for lunch since we were in the area. 2 of us ordered the all day special that includes a sandwich, noodle soup and a drink. The third person opted for a rice dish on their menu ( pork chop and chicken steak on rice with a cream sauce). \n\nThe first sandwich came before we got any tea or our drinks or even any cutlery at all. We had to ask for them before they gave it to us. Even then, they didn't even give us the correct cutlery for our meal. Both the noodle soup came before the second sandwich got here. The drinks for our meals finally came afterwards. 20 mins later we were still waiting for the rice dish. By then, the two noodle soups were already finished. I should mention that there was another single customer sitting next to us. When the rice dish finally arrived it went to him first. We told the server that we ordered a rice dish too and we were pretty sure that was ours since the customer just arrived 5 mins ago. She asked us if we ordered this dish in Chinese and we asked for a menu to tell her. She ended up getting the receipt saying it's for table 19a (our table). Then she told us to remember what we ordered next time to avoid the confusion... The service was terrible and the food was mediocre. The soups were bland not worth mentioning at all. The one star is for the milk tea which was pretty decent.\n\n$30 for 3 people. We had to ask for the bill twice and they kept confusing the tables.
Terrible management. Stopped in for a breakfast souffle. Didnt have any ready.  Offered me one from last night.  Looked old. Said they sold out.  Doubtful as case was completely empty. Said it would be 40 minutes.  Wont be back.
awesome!!!
Worse service ever andI use to be a server so I am more sympathetic to their jobs but this place had awful service! The waitress was not very professional and rude to us. Our food came out very late and we never got refills. We were very disappointed and will NEVER eat here again! Its a shame because we loved the food. Te waitress is a blonde in the pictures here. We even complained to the manager but he didnt do much about the horrible service. Do not eat here if u plan on going to the Orchestra or being on time some where else afterwards!
Nice little gem in the wall. Walked into a not so busy night. The waitress with glasses made our night The best. Order was taken promptly while drinks were being poured right behind her. Five stars for food, cleanliness and staff.
Food was good, but service was great. Our waiter I think his name was Kevin, he was very attentive and super friendly.
This location even though it is not the closest to home has the nicest employees. They always greet you and they always have my order right.  Service is quick and the store is always clean.
Excellent family-run Italian restaurant. Off-strip and totally worth the short drive. Salads were fresh, tasty, and big enough to share. Pasta dishes, sandwiches, and chicken parm were all very good, and fed a hungry family after some long hikes in Zion National Park. \n\nWe're glad to have found Trattoria Italia, and we'll certainly be back. Recommended!
It was Saturday a little after noon, I sat at the bar looking to have lunch. I have always enjoyed Barrio and looked forward to its opening on the east side. I ordered a beer and chips and salsa while I filled out my order for 3 tacos. As I handed my filled out order sheet the bartender, half was thru my $5 beer, he asked for my credit card. I asked if he was kidding as I was there to eat lunch and I preferred to pay once I was done. He said it was the mangers policy. The manager better learn how it's customers deserve to be treated. I was appalled. Funny thing is, the bartender agreed.
I am so disappointed that Red Koi no longer existed. I knew when I ordered something was different. Portion size is TINY for the same price. Being from San Jose, I know good Vietnamese food when I taste it and the vermicelli was a joke. More like dry noodles w a small tablespoon of fish sauce in a shot glass. I had to ask for more and I got the same small cup that was practically empty.  Obviously there is no customer service here. The pho was salty, and now the portion size of everything is micro. Once a regular customer and now I'm never coming back. Found a new sushi restaurant for a replacement. Now I just need a local Vietnamese place.
I came here for a quiet place to eat lunch and work a year ago and now I come at least once a month. The Café is on the upper level overlooking Springs Preserve, and you can sit indoors or outdoors.  The new menu is tasty and affordable. I love the wedge salad w/ chicken, the hummus and the homemade potato chips.  They also have infused water with seasonal fruits, though they recently started charging $1.50 for it.\n\nGreat eats, great view and decent value
Great service and amazing food. I love the ambiance of this place, specially during the summer. Drinking margaritas and eating tacos accompanied with some fresh guacamole and chips! The decor is really out there and so unique.
For starters this place does not map properly on google or anything else even though the address is correct. Its actually located off the 202 San Tan at Power and Ray Rd on the East side of the rd from Wal Mart.\nThe atmosphere was very nice. I really liked the tables and dishes. The miso soup was very good and cheap as well. The prices on everything were very reasonable. There are several sushi restaurants along power and I definitely believe that this was one of the better ones (unfortunately thats not saying too much).\nThe rolls were pretty good. A bite or 2 of the uni on the Jade roll tasted a bit suspect but overall the jade roll was good. The avocado and creme cheese gave it a smooth texture.  The super albacore roll was nicely seared on the outside. The tiger roll was a bit spicy for my weak taste buds but had good flavor.
Charming little strip mall restaurant. Young staff, attentive service.\n\nPho was good. The broth was pleasingly sweeter and a bit more spiced than the local competitors. Spring rolls were good. \n\nNothing glaring, but two, errr make that three main exceptions to (what I'd guess and have heard are relatives) the competition.\n\n1.) no garlic chili paste (my ultimate favorite condiment). Yes they have sambal oelek. They have Sriracha. But not the dried chili flakes and chopped roasted garlic in oil. The dark, savory, spicy and sweet paste that makes my meal.\n\n2.) compared to their local competition, the prices are higher. I won't speculate but there are numerous likely reasons for this.\n\n3.) every time I go pho, I pleasantly have nearly half my bowl for the next day. I noticed that here, versus the traditional competition that typically after refrigeration, there is a noticeable coagulation of the broth. Which means, high quality bone broth...the basis in pho.\nQuite unfortunately that was not the case here which leads me to believe that more sugar and spice does not equal the pho is nice...\n\nI'd return, but it's not my first or even second choice.
Wir waren zum Brunch dort und nur noch enttäuscht! Viel zu viele Leute für ein viel zu kleines Buffet. Dauernd war irgendetwas anderes aus, es hat ewig gedauert bis etwas nachgefüllt wurde, man musste die Bedienung dauernd darauf hinweisen wo etwas fehlt. Ich habe in geschlagenen 4 Stunden kein einziges Mal Rührei bekommen, weil es zu Anfang dauernd aus war und nachher nicht mehr aufgefüllt wurde. Und es waren nicht nur die Lebensmittel, die dauernd aus waren, sondern auch das Geschirr. Es gibt einen einzigen Kaffeeautomaten, an dem immer eine lange Schlange steht, weil er erstens immer nur eine Tasse zubereitet und man zweitens die Hälfte der Zeit auf Geschirr warten musste. Insgesamt war die Auswahl sehr klein im Vergleich zu anderen Brunch Buffets, die wir sonst so kennen. Einzig die Brötchen waren wirklich sehr lecker.  Ansonsten gab es Joghurt, etwas Müsli, Nutella, verschiedene Marmeladen, jeweils eine kleine Wurst- und Käseplatte mit drei bis vier Sorten zur Auswahl, hartgekochte Eier und Rührei (wenn man Glück hatte), Obstsalat, Lachs mit einem schrecklichen Meerrettich dazu, der ganz sauer geschmeckt hat und in meinen Augen schon lange schlecht war. Dann gab es noch vier verschiedene Salate,  Mozzarella mit Tomate und nachher bei den warmen Gerichten 4 Sachen + Beilagen zur Auswahl. Kaffee, Tee und heiße Schokolade kann man sich am Automaten holen und sie sind im Preis dabei. Alle anderen Getränke wie Wasser, Säfte, Limonaden und Softdrinks müssen extra bestellt werden. In meinen Augen auch ein No-Go. Normalerweise sind wenigstens Wasser und Säfte am Buffet dabei. Mit Groupon-Gutschein waren es pro Person 20 €, aber auch das war noch zu viel.\nLeider war der Raum für die vielen Leute relativ klein, es war sehr laut und die Tische standen teilweise so nah am Buffet, dass die Leute, die daran saßen, die Hintern der Leute am Buffet quasi im Gesicht hatten. Das Buffet ist auch sehr ungünstig in einer Ecke aufgebaut, so dass man egal von welcher Seite immer im Weg steht, vor allem wenn sich wie bei unserem Besuch lange Warteschlangen bilden, weil dauernd irgendetwas nicht vorhanden ist. Alles in allem kam überhaupt keine Gemütlichkeit auf und die meisten Leute waren sehr unzufrieden. Viele sind auch sehr schnell gegangen und wir haben mitbekommen, dass ich einige  beim Chef beschwert haben.
Used to be one of our favorites. Tonight we went in, ordered for our kids, then ordered sushi. From the time our kids food was delivered it was almost an hour before I decided to ask them to put our food in to-go boxes when they finished making it. I was highly disappointed and super frustrated that they saw us come in with 3 kids yet thought it was ok to take an hour for sushi and not let us know ahead of time. My husband had to go to the car with our youngest. They did give us a 10% discount- who cares?!?! We paid almost $100 for sushi that we won't get to eat until it tastes disgusting because it's freaking bedtime and now we have to deal with the kids instead of eating dinner.
The place is just beautiful and elegant. The food was so delicious. You pick your meat, vegetables, noodles etc.. take it up to the man at the hibachi grill and get it cooked with a sauce of your choice. I got steak, mixed vegetables, noodles and vegetable fried rice and had all cooked in soy sauce. I would highly recommend visiting this restaurant. The staff was really helpful, kind, and I received prompt service.
The donuts are good, but they are very $$$. Paid $29 for 24 donuts. I brought them for my office and everyone did really enjoy the different and non conventional types.
My wife and I had dinner here last night.  The place has a great ambience, style and excellent service.  However, I found the food lacking.  It was my first time there, so I won't fully discount it yet.  But the pizza I had was mostly all dough with very little taste.\n\nOn a plus note, I overheard the ladies att he table next to us complain about their pasta.  The manager immediately made them a new dish,\n\nGreat service, but mediocre food.
Was in the mood for some Montreal style smoked meat. Given that I travel between Toronto and Ottawa frequently we (wife and I) always try to make it to Montreal for the smoked meat at our regular spot.\n\nOn this occasion we were searching for a similar experience although we had no expectations that it would be of the same calibre as Schwartz's.\n\nWe decided on the Reuben and Smoked meat sandwich with the coleslaw and fries. A Few things to mention:\n\nThe sandwiches tasted great! The smoked meat sandwich is not as juicy or fatty ( or as good) when compared with Schwartz's but was certainly a great sandwich. The Reuben however stole the show with its flavour. They were both large sandwiches packed with meat and the coleslaw and fries went well with it. Go for the larger sandwich that comes with the slaw and fries - a great deal.\n\nOur server was friendly and helped with suggestions for us and also suggested I try the "old style" Reuben next time which I'm looking forward to.\n\nAmbiance is nice enough - no frills or fancy decor but then that's not what you're there for. It's clean, the service is great, and the meal won't burn a hole in your wallet! We made it halfway through our sandwiches before we were full  and will definitely go back.\n\n Anticipate spending 15-20 per head and having a very filling and great tasting sandwich.
Pho Noodles is the first place I've found in Arizona who has food that reminds me of home, Little Saigon in Southern California. Their soup is spot on and the brooth is not too salty, but its chalk full of flavor. If you are in the mood for Vietnamese and are in the area, Pho Noodles is delicious and affordable. A big bowl of soup is $7! You can't even get a McDonald's meal with 7 bucks any more. Highly recommend you stopping by!!
Found a hair in my food that night.... Even though that really ruined my excitement about dinner, management comp'd the meal & totally fixed it. Good food but poor cleanliness apparently.
Dive bar meets old school Italian joint. If you've ever been drinking a bud light draft while playing keno, and thought to yourself that the only thing missing is a plate of mid tier lasagna, then you will probably find this place more remarkable than I did.
Worst service.  They greeted us as if we were a bother. They proceeded to seat us and forget us. When we finally go their attention and they gave us a chance to order they neglected to bring most of what we ordered. We waited and waited and watched as almost the entire staff then took lunch and continued to ignore us. The food they did bring was mostly fatty and dripping in oil.  Have had dim sum in Philadelphia and Chicago chinatowns that was fast, fun, good value, delicious and satisfying. This was none of the above.
Bampot is a very unique Tea shop. It offers a HUGE range of different types of tea and amazing interior. You can also play board games if you wish to, and there are is usually a small selection of food. The main weakness is the service. I have been here twice and both times I had to either wait a long time to be served or go find a server myself. The problem is that you need to grab your own menu (which is fine) but then because of that they don't keep track of who comes in.
Was craving for dim sum on a recent trip to all mighty Canada, and made a stop at dim sum king. There are plenty of other dim sum joints on the same street, but with a title like king, I had to try it. \n\nThis place is a order style dim sum joint, which I have no problem with. Ordered your usual selection of shumai, hargow, and a select assortments of tarts, chicken feet, spareribs (which are bomb), and rice noodle wrapped dishes. Everything was very good, and the place was clean and quiet. Very solid dim sum, with decent service. If I ever find myself in toronto again, will definitely hit up this spot if I'm craving for dim sum :)
There is bowling here. It's not bad, enough space for the families to sit around and hang out. The downfall, there was no one working at the bar within the bowling area. Made it difficult for everyone to look after their belongings and children while ordering food and drinks. lol. Enjoy the ugly neon shoes.  \n\nI did however like the pretzels with spicy cheese dip. \n\nHighlight: the photobooth.  Spend forever personalizing your photos.  Fun!
Drove thru for breakfast twice last weekend while working on the house. \n\nFood was done like any other mcdonalds and done so quickly and efficiently which is always a plus when try to order breakfast before 6:30.
I've been to Playa Cabana before and loved it (as in 5 out of 5 kind of love). However, this time around, it was a huge disappointment.\n\nI purposely chose this restaurant for my birthday because I loved it so much and I wanted to share this restaurant with my friend. However, I found the staff not as friendly this time around. When one of the waitress brought our food to the table, she knocked down my friend's utensils and didn't even apologize. I know that it was only a minor accident and she's only human so I shouldn't judge her for it. However, just a quick "sorry" was all that's needed. Instead, she just rolled her eyes after throwing down the dish and walked away. Great service is an element of a great restaurant and that waitress clearly does not belong there.\n\nAlso, we went there early for dinner (as in before 7). For dessert we ordered churros and they said they ran out of dulce de leche. How could they have possibly run out of dulce de leche when we're one of the earlier customers of the night?
So pleasantly surprised by our Valentine's Day lunch today.  I was apprehensive when we walked in at 1 PM for a late-ish lunch.  We were 2 of 4 people eating at the establishment.  Don't know why there's not much more traffic there.  Started off with the chicken wing appetizer and a mixed green salad.  The chicken wings were perfectly crispy on the inside and coated with BBQ sauce on the outside with just the right amount of acid/vinegar.  I had a turkey club sandwich with fries and my husband had the steak with mashed potatoes.  Both were very good.  I had a delicious smoothie and husband had a glass of wine.  All in all, I would definitely come back.  Mirage does have an extensive menu, which again, left me a little wary initially, but I can post my pics here and you'll see what I'm talking about for some good eats and reasonable prices!
Great broth in the pho! Fresh food! Simple family owned and run place. They have a constant stream of patriotism no which is awesome!
I've passed by this restaurant so many times and I've been dying to try it ever since it opened. I never got the chance to come here because I always ended up going to Cora. I have to say, I like this restaurant much more than Cora! The only downside is that it's a lot smaller than Cora so if you're waiting for a seat, you might have to wait a while.\nThe number one reason why I like this restaurant is because of the variety of selections they offer - sandwiches, burgers and breakfast food. I decided to stick with breakfast food the day I came here. I got the omelet which came with a side of fruits, toast and hash browns. I was particularly pleased with their hash browns because they seasoned it so that it didn't taste like potatoes that you get at any other breakfast restaurants.I also couldn't help myself and ordered French toast. They added cinnamon to their French toast which really elevated the flavour. I appreciate the extra spices that they add to their food which makes them stand out from other breakfast restaurants.\nThis is the perfect go to breakfast spot!
This is a Gem in Toronto. Walk in and teleport to a cafe in Morocco, surrounded by calming vibes and aromas. The teas are great here, and many even offer free refills. You also get a large variety of games to play with. It is extremely well priced and the staff is beyond nice. My server explained many of the teas and their origins. Great experience and a must go to for any traveler.
Went here last night for dinner. The food was flavorless. The "hibachi" bar had raw meat sitting out. Very expensive for low quality food.
"Interesting" is definitely the word I would use to describe Bampot House of Tea & Board Games. If you know me, you would likely notice my clutch word or filler word is "interesting". I use the word to describe situations that are different, uncomfortable or fascinating. Often, I use the word when I do not know how to respond or to fill the gap (that may otherwise be a silent void). \n\nBampot House of Tea & Board Games, I would say embodies the word "interesting". It is truly where people from different worlds collide. It feels like a mutli-verse - one corner of the room may have people jamming with guitar, the other  corner is filled with people enjoying board games, somewhere in a hidden corner is a person quietly working hard on their project. At times, you may overhear conversations related to overcoming limiting beliefs, provoking spiritual awakening or just waves after waves of laughter.\n\nEven the password of the wifi is contemplative - "maybe there is more to life, maybe not".\n\nThe food at Bampot is earnest, poignant and hearty. There is something special about a bowl of hot soup, hearty stew or sincere curry to warm you up from the inside and out on a cold day. My soup of the day, Spicy beet with chickpea soup ($7.50) was full of warmth. It was accompanied by simple toast and coconut butter. Vegetarian rejoice.All the food served at Bampot are vegetarian friendly!\n\nThere are also endless selections of teas for every flavor profile. Different tea for different peeps! My favourite at Bampot is surprisingly not tea; it is the dark hot chocolate with housemade almond milk. It was the perfect soulful drink with a hint of sweetness. The white pot and cup with silver embossed lace even matches my OOTD (outfit of the day). It must mean we are meant to be! ;) \n\nSitting in a small booth alone at Bampot, surrounded by rustic cushion with a warm bowl of soup and observing life is the wonderful way to spend a quiet evening.
Pho Linh is a veteran in the neighborhood. I tired the original special rare beef pho, pho dac biet. \n\nIt is respectable. With that being said, I have had better. It was definitely not worth walking for 15 minutes in -7 degrees Celsius weather. The broth was slightly watered down. Price is reasonable ($7, small). Service was quick. Good option in the area if you are in a hurry. \n\nI would revisit Pho Linh to try their famous Banh Cuon and Banh Beo bi tom say!
We went here to celebrate a birthday. The atmosphere was just right, Service was great and the food was awesome.  On my list to come back! Thank you for making our celebration wonderful.
Stopped in after reading the other Yelp reviews. Nice easy location with lots of parking. It was around 8:30 on a Friday night. They let us pick a seat and got our drink order right away. We ordered the pesto pasta and baked eggplant parmigiana. They brought us out some rolls that were ok, and when our food arrived and I asked for Parmesan I was shocked that he turned around to the table behind us and grabbed a bottle of Parmesan, like you would see at a pizza joint, I would have expected an Italian restaurant owned by Italians they would have fresh grated Parmesan . The portions were nice, the food was hot. My eggplant was extremely soggy and mushy with way to much mozzarella cheese so I did not eat much. The side of pasta was good and my husbands pesto pasta was good. The service was good, but could have been better.
One of the cleanest, most friendliest McDonald's I have ever visited! Wish they could all be this nice! Food was hot and fresh.
Never been to Yuzu so our group of five though we would check this spot out on a Tuesday night, we sat at the bar the bartender was quick to get us drink menus and the names of the drinks were corky and fun they have a small patio  out back also that had plenty of seating, we ended up playing some of the board games they had available in the seating area to the side. It was really a fun spot we had a great time the regulars were friendly and we felt quite comfortable here. I did order the pork belly ramen to go and it was a little salty but the porkbelly was so good. We will definitely be back to play Some games and the jukebox.\nNice experience with this spot.
Anyone who tries to say that there is no good Mexican food to be had in Toronto has clearly never been to Playa Cabana. I adore this place. I would come back every week if I lived nearby. \n\nThe first time I came here was on a swelteringly hot summer day. My boyfriend and I sat on the back patio and I almost believed I was actually in Mexico. I had a glass of white sangria, the "pizza nachos" and a veggie burrito. Sweat trickled down my face and onto my plate. It was not a proud moment for me, but I never thought that I could be so hot and so happy at the same time. Tasting fresh Oaxacan cheese was like a revelation. Seriously, after one bite of the nachos we vowed to return again as soon as possible.\n\nWe recently came back and I had a mojito, guaca fresca, and the poblano chile rellenos. As a vegetarian, I appreciate that there are other options aside from the typical "veggie quesadillas with mixed peppers and onions". Again, everything was absolutely delicious. Service was a bit on the slow side because there was a huge takeout order that had overwhelmed the kitchen, but our server kept checking in with us to let us know that our food would be coming out shortly. Generally, I don't mind waiting as long as it doesn't seem like we were completely forgotten about. \n\nThe restaurant itself isn't the fanciest or the most spacious, but that's what adds to the charm! The food and the service have, on both occasions, been nothing short of excellent. Although I haven't yet been able to make a reservation (always the answering machine!), my boyfriend and I have walked in fairly early (around 5PM) and have managed to snag a table a two before the dinner rush. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
We walk in and meet a nice lady where we buy the card with credits. First game we play and it takes our 9 credits and doesn't work. Well that was great. Credits do cost money it's not like we were on some play for so many hours thing. Things were pretty cool from there until we got to the giant fish reel. The reel says we won 70 tickets awesome, the box even says we were awarded 70. So of course since 70 is a lot lets play again. This time the giant reel says we won 60 tickets! Child is super excited and I look down at the box and it says 15 tickets awarded. WHAT?! So I got robbed of 9 credits and at least 45 tickets. Never thought to watch any of the other times we won tickets so who knows how many Game Works really stole from us. It was over all a good time, just left a bad feeling knowing we got ripped off.
Had dinner there with my nieces and little brother. Service was good, food was interesting. Price was a little on the high side, dinner for 4, appetizer and 2 drinks was $140 before tip. Had the ribeye which was tasty, but not quite $36 tasty.
I just want to said  thanks to pho noodles for all the good stuff they have!! I love the food and really good customer service!!! Really recommend this little place to enjoy good traditional Vietnamese food
Went there for dinner, without a reservation. Sat outside, on their "patio". Was a very poor experience overall:\n\nHad some appetizer and burrito for main. Took ages (over 30mins even for appetizers - some nachos) and it tasted below average.\nServer/service. was pretty nice. However they have no clue as what respecting a customer means.. they asked people to move from table (while enjoying drinks/food) so that they can install their heaters. This was terrible.\nAlso, the seating is so cramped and poorly designed, with little to no space between tables and servers brushing by your table/chair while serving other people. Greedy most likely, to just bump up the profit by squeezing tables/people like cattle.\n\nOn top of that, the prices were quite high, so all in all a huge miss and a place to never go back.
Mmmm... gyro.  I know that Zorba's isn't authentic Greek food-- I go to Chicago for that, but for what it is, it's excellent.  The service is always very friendly and speedy, and they have a fairly large menu and is inexpensive.  They also have Killians on tap and a fairly large bottle selection.  Zorba's is probably my favorite green street eatery.
One of the cleaner, faster and friendlier Pizza Pizzas I have visited. The quality of the pizza here is good and always consistent. That's all I ask for from a Pizza Pizza!
This place could be way more successful if it was ran with good customer service and fair menu prices, I mean come on now your 12$ Ruben doesn't come with a side . ownership it's to blame for this failing restaurant. My tab for 2 people with a few beers was just under 50$ don't get me wrong the food was good but this place could be waayyy more enjoyable
Def a restaurant with a beautiful view: Flatline view of the north end of the strip with the top view of the Stratosphere. It is an order your own food and then sit down kind place- so partial service restaurant. Surprisingly all the items that were recommended on Yelp from previous Yelpers were all not on the menu- tells me they possibly could change the menu quite often. BONUS: CHECK IN AND GET A FREE FOUNTAIN DRINK\nHappy hour on Thursday 4-8pm: looks like a totally different menu than the regular menu\nWe ordered for Brunch on a Sunday around 2PM\n1) Chicken and Waffles- Chicken was super dry chicken breast and not served hot. The waffles were super chewy and eggo-waffle-ish (actually ego waffles tastes better) served with slices of orange and straberries- Not recommended\n2) Buffalo Chicken Flatbread- 8 pieces of slightly chewy cheese with chopped buffalo chicken- not recommended\n3) Cesar salad- Large portion super tasty and great crunch- served with a parmesan crisp (chicken or salmon can be added for 2-3$ extra)\n4) Egg Frittata- Super tasty and not very eggy- super cheesy and yummy- served with a side of tatter tots (unusal but good tasting)- Very recommended\n5) Bloody Marys- WEAKEST DRINK EVER- We dont even think there was alcohol in it- My friends kept saying it tastes just like tomato juice- spice blend was not present and seems like it comes out of a premade container\n\nOverall the food the was OK. I wish i could give it better stars- the thing that made this worth it was the view. \nLastly one thing they need to learn how to control is the at least 5-8 pigeons that kept flying around the TV screens and above our heads. My friends kept screaming because the birds were flying so close to us. Also on Sundays please play the NFL games outside!!! Would be an extra bonus\n\nMay be back for the view and see the possibly changing menu.
My fiancée and I came in at about 6:20 and it is a Friday night. The hostesses were very friendly and sat us immediately. Our server, Andrea, quickly greeted us and was very very pleasant. She was amazing! Our drinks came out quickly and she was very helpful. Every part of our meal from appetizer to dessert was delicious, and timed perfectly. We started with mozzarella sticks which were wonderful. We both had the shrimp trio and we got a cheesecake to go. The food was all delicious and I will definitely be coming back and asking for Andrea again soon!
Facility is similar to a Dave and Busters but with a larger arcade area and a bar instead of restaurant.\n\nGames: Okay selection. Typical games like carnival style, ticket winning games, arcade racing, two rhythm and very few Japanese games. My personal favorite is Taiko Drum Master. Some o the games are rather old and as maintain as other places.\n\nPeople: For families and children. The kids could be worst and parents have them in line as best they can. Something about the place and the energy causes the parents to be very impatient and irrational.  Probably some kids are pestering their parents and they are at their wits end. The parents are only interested with their kids and they will interrupt your game if their kids want to play. Teenagers are just as bad. "Every man from himself" is what this place is like. That happen twice in one visit.\n\n(Specific example, we waited in like for about 1/2-1hr for a game. Then a parent interrupted us when we were playing the game in the beginning and we were like fine. After a while we left and came back. Then we played again after waiting in line for [1/2-1hr] not interrupting the previous player but someone ask us to leave again.)\n\nArcade is for family which is great but the parents aren't gamers and have zero gaming etiquette.\n\nStaff: Attentive and do what they must. About what you expect.\n\nCome here if you have children. Maybe if you want to go from machine to machine. Not if you want to progress in the game or beat it.
what does this gringo order at what I've heard is one of the better Mexican restaurants in the city?\n\na hamburger...actually a hamburguesa ..... chipotle, wagyu beef with fresh cut fries....\n\nI should state (again) i know a thing or two about burgers...and this was fantastic....fresh, cooked to perfection and damn tasty ....\n\ncan't wait to go back and try the 'real mexican food' \n\ni  heard from my friend that seating is very limited which it is however i was there at lunch and didn't have a problem getting a table on the patio\n\n\n\nPS....any restaurant/bar that has Don Julio 1942 on the shelf is a must visit for me
Great donuts, MADE TO ORDER! They taste so fresh and delicious. I hope one day they add mire toppings. I will return. Best donuts I've had in CLT.
Hubby had hankering for smoked meat.  I tried the house specialty chicken souvlaki.  Service fast and friendly.  Place is quiet at 7pm.  \n\nThe super smoked meat (yes that's the name!) was a ginormous sandwich with generous slaw and a pickle wedge.  Smoked meat was really good.  \n\n\nChicken souvlaki came with a generous starter Greek salad and fries and rice and tzatziki.  \n\nI would come back for the smoked meat, definitely.
My son and I love this place!  The sushi is priced great is really good. Nice atmosphere and always attentive service.
This is my first Yelp review..\n\nThe hotel is under construction so a little shabby - however, the 5 stars is 100% attributed to the staff and mainly ROCCO at the white horse tavern bar (attached to the hotel). \n\nRocco is AMAZING - he is the reason i stay here week over week! He is friendly, personable and a damn fine bartender. \n\nTo Management - give this guy a raise! I'm a platinum SPG member and have been for years... he is the main reason i ever stay at this hotel!
Service was great, food was great. My daughter and I were passing through from Charlotte to Hickory and thought we'd give this place a chance. Glad we did! Sushi bar, Hibachi grill and buffet- all good!
Terrible and way over priced. I can't believe I was charged $7.50 for 2 chicken skewers. Never again!
How disappointing! I probably will not come back to this GameWorks. Half the games were out of order, the place smelled really gross, and it is relatively small compared to Dave and Buster's. The staff is great but when you come to an arcade, you probably expect most of the machines to work.\n\nI don't recommend.
- best downtown joint in my opinion.\n- plenty of chinese peeps eating here = good food / good deal / good value\n- dont be scared of dim sum\n- yes, dim sum is pork and seafood heavy....
I have nothing bad to say about this place. Just make sure you make reservations and show up on time! Otherwise it's a great little nook that offers very well made food, delivered to your table quickly by a polite and knowledgeable staff.\n\nTheir backyard patio (it's really a back yard hah) is actually quite nice and offers somewhat of a romantic setting on a warm day, and is great for corporate bookings and private reservations between 15-20 people.\n\nI've been there a few times now and will definitely return.\n\nPrice is very fair.\n\nP.S. Try the three milk cake, it's just awesome.
Duck Donuts is pretty delicious. There's usually a long line I would suggest calling in the order in advance. We picked up 6 dozen for a wedding and everyone loved it.
This place is delicious. I absolutely love it. The funny thing is my favorite thing there is their mac n cheese. I just wish they had a full plate to order instead of just sides. I end up buying like 3-4 sides just for my self. Other than that the environment is great the people are awesome and the food is on point.
I came here on a date with my fiancee, on a Friday night at about 10 PM. It was a pretty random pick, as we were debating between Barrio Coreano and Playa Cabana and just hoped we didn't have a long wait - we were hungry!\n\nWhen we showed up the place was pretty full, both inside and on the patio. We asked one waiter what the wait was for a table inside (as it was pretty chilly out) he said 30-45 minutes, I was so sad! Luckily another waiter spotted us and told us there was a table of 2 that had just cleared up - so we eagerly took a seat.\n\nTo drink: we ordered 2 Micheladas (Mexican beer, lime juice, and assorted sauces, spices, and peppers. It is served in a chilled, salt-rimmed glass) - it wasn't on the Menu - so if you haven't tried it yet - I definitely recommend it! To eat: We ordered Ceviche del Dia (I am Peruvian and so by default am a ceviche judge), 3 Tacos de Pescado (Baja Style) and 3 Tacos Ancho braised Shortrib brisket Crispy Tacos.\n\nThe server punched in the Ceviche but the kitchen never saw it, so they forgot about the Ceviche, which had me a bit bummed at first, but then when I was about finished my third taco, I  realized it was probably a blessing in disguise... I was absolutely full! The Tacos were great, they Brisket tacos, had pico de gallo, frejoles and guac, they were very rich in flavours, very tasty; and the fish tacos were larger and more filling than I expected, fried goodness - squeeze that whole lime wedge on top and you have perfection!!\n\nSo overall, I would definitely return and have remained super curious to try out their Ceviche, thus *Terminator Voice* I WILL be back!
Last night, food was tasty per usual. Our visit started with a long and slow moving line. But the customer service was exemplary from start to finish. Kudos to Anissa, who was working extra hard to keep customers happy! Thank you!!!
Zentral gelegen und doch ruhig. Im Sommer lädt die grosse Aussen-Terrasse ein. Geheimtip: Hier ist es bis spät abends sonnig. Ein entspannter Ort mit wunderbarem Blick in die Parkanlage und über den Eckensee. Gepflegte Gastronomie. Gerlinde Faktor gering. Häufig kommen kultivierte Herrschaften in Gruppen die später nebenan ins Theater gehen hier vorbei und essen noch was al fresco. Entsprechend visuell hergerichtet und kurzweilig zu beobachten. Das Schauspiel beginnt schon hier.\nDie Bedienung ist meist professionell und die Preise sind der Lage entsprechend hoch. Das ist angemessen.\nAuch prima für Kaffee und Kuchen. Oder ein kühles Pils.\nDas Gebäude des Landtag ist zudem eines der attraktivsten Bauten der Moderne Stuttgart.
Nice, open bar with great views of the strip and golf course.  Patio seating also.  Nice happy hour prices.  Had the carnitas nachos...very good.  And they serve breakfast all day.  Not noisy or smoky
I love the pho there and the bun Bo hue beef spicy noodles the place  is clean and the service  very good. I can't wait to go back.
This place is great! Delicious, quick service, cheap and friendly! I keep coming back. \n\nThe pho here is sweet and savory at the same time, and the small (huge) costs only $6.95. I keep thinking I should get the kids size but then again, it's that good.
The food is awesome;  better than any we've had, including Charleston restaurants like Husk. The prices are extremely reasonable for high quality delicious food.  And the service is very attentive without being disruptive.
Up three flights of stair (or an elevator ride) is a sweet stop for dim sum.  Classic fare tasting fresh from carts that are rolling swiftly by... good service, clean place, lots happening here!!
Just as a per-cursor I've only been to this restaurant for lunch and it's never been crowded when I go so service so for me has always been awesome!\n\nThis is the spot! I have been to Sushi restaurants all over the valley a lot of times you will hear a review that says "It's nice to get a decent restaurant in Gilbert", but this is the spot regardless of where you're at in the valley. It's very clean and modern with red and black theme that is just awesome. It's at least as good if not better than restaurants I've been too including downtown Phoenix or Scottsdale. \n\nTheir lunch specials are amazing all priced under $8 and includes things from Pho to a pork katsu bento to calamari tempura sushi rolls. I've tried almost everything on their lunch menu and have never been disappointed. This place is almost never busy for lunch so if you're in the area don't forget to stop in because I'd hate to loose this restaurant as my families go to place for lunch. Right now road construction makes people reluctant to patronize businesses along Power but fortunately Red Koi is located at a light so even making left hand turns into it or out of it makes it easy so don't let the construction deter you from stopping in!
KFC Boneless at Westlake April 2013 - KFC and other companies spend a lot of money advertising new products.  Especially when they have introduced a new item. I had the boneless chicken at KFC today, and it was served to me luke warm. The very friendly server placed the chicken on the counter where it sat for about 3 1/2 minutes while she prepared the rest of my order. The product did not taste good at room temperature. All that money spent on advertising to get me in and it was not good. The manager walked by several times ..joking with the staff building morale. He failed to notice my food getting cold. Poor execution can destroy a product introduction.
I love stopping in here they are always friendly even when you stop in for a bit 15 minutes before closing. Which I due often for some late night sushi rolls and a beer or date night with the wife once the kids go to bed. Lol
This place was terrible! The first thing that I noticed when I sat down was the floor was wet. I figured they had just mopped, boy was I wrong! As I was sitting there during my meal a drip of water caught my eye. I looked up and the duct work was leaking! There was water all over the exposed duct work in the ceiling and it was leaking on floor! Gross imagine if that landed in my food or on me. \n\nNow about the food. First it was way over priced. Each item is sold separately. I looked at the drink menu and almost fell over. A cocktail is on average $8. I ordered the 5 cheese melt (sounds yummy right? WRONG) When the sandwich came to the table it looked horrible! Just a large mound of cheese on tiny bread. When I opened the sandwich the inner layers of cheese weren't even melted. I took a bite (thinking it was going to clog my arteries the whole time) and it didn't even have any flavor! A grilled cheese I make at home tastes better. I didn't even finish a half of a half and the waitress never even acknowledge that I didn't even touch my meal. \n\nI will never go here again. Moral of the story... overpriced, gross food and who knows whats dropping into the food as it's being walked around the room.
Pho is excellent, meat are well portioned \nSoup are great, not thirsty afterward\nLots of Thai Basil, and Culantro are fresh\n\nBanh Cuon are too soft\nBanh Beo are too thick and soft \n\nGreat Prices
Arguably the best Italian food I have ever had. The gnocchi was perfectly cooked and the sauces weren't overbearing. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and timely. The atmosphere is perfect for a first date or a family outing. Highly recommend!
Nice cafe for a snack or lunch.  Clean, organized and friendly staff.  We had 3 meat pizza large enough to serve 3 of us
First off ordered the $54 pitcher of margarita, that tasted like a jug of frozen lime aid. Told waiter it was very weak and he was very defensive that it was not. We ordered 3 shots of tequila and dumped them in the pitcher to satisfy us. Waiter would not take off bill and did not speak to anybody about it.....did I mention it tasted like frozen lime aid???? Fish taco was good, chicken and pork tasted exactly the same with store bought BBQ sauce. Overall service, food, bar gets a negative from me. Come over to my house I'll make you better Mexican!!!!!
Had a blast with the girls today. Used my gift card that I purchased from a fundraiser for 2 hrs of swipe and play. The only thing that irritated me was that every time i swiped.. I had to wait like a few min to be able to swipe again at another game! I will be back to use the other Card i have with my girls!! \n\n**Suggestion** Please include cell phone charging station. --thank you :)
Awesome service. Fantastic bottle of wine. The bread they bring was warm and delicious. We will be back
The place looks nice and that's where the good comments end.  Lots of choices but they all are really just plain bad.  Hot and sour soup, wierd taste.  Anything seafood, really fishy.  Even the deep fried chicken wings are off.  How do you screw that up?   My first and last visit.
I ordered a Thai chicken soup in large. The soup was very bland tasting and the noodles were very starchy. Not sure why they have a huge line up but the food was not good especially for the price of $12 and some change. Not Recommended.
I am updating my review to 5-stars because I think for this type of restaurant, Brick House Tavern + Tap is as good as it gets!\n\nI live fairly close to Brick House and typically dine here at least a few times a month. I have been here on dates, with large groups, with clients and with friends. I always enjoy what I order and out of all of my visits I have never, ever had a bad meal or inadequate service. In fact it has always been quite the opposite. The servers have always been attentive and the general manager nearly always stops by to make sure everything is satisfactory. On my most recent visit I had a longer than normal conversation with him and he seems like he is a genuinely nice guy who takes pride in his restaurant and truly cares about the experience his patrons receive.\n\nI have only been going to Brick House for a couple of years and am always surprised when I mention it to people and they think it is another "breastaurant," akin to Hooters or Tilted Kilt. At least for the couple years I have been going, this is no longer the case. The servers all wear shirts that are not overly low-cut and that go all the way down to their pants without a bare midriff. I do think the servers are collectively younger than than a lot of restaurants but they have always been friendly, show enthusiasm for the menu and do a great job!\n\nThe décor of Brick House Tavern + Tap is very unique. They have many normal booths and tables but also have a few tables with couches as the seats on either side. They have a few large recliners with table inserts that you can sit at that are positioned in front of large TVs. There are easily 50 TVs around the whole dining area that are positioned in a way where you can see many different ones from wherever you sit. However it also seems that they are not too intrusive and allow one to easily ignore them and focus on who they are dining with. In the winter I often try to get a table near their large open fireplace in the center of the dining room! They also have a large patio with multiple TVs and fireplaces on it.\n\nI think their food is pretty unique as well. They have some really good appetizers that are plenty large enough to share. Their dinner portions provide plenty of food to where I often find myself bringing part of it home with me. Everything seems to be priced very reasonably too.\n\nIf you have yet to try Brick House Tavern + Tap I recommend that you add it to your list. If you visited back when it was filled with scantily clad servers maybe visit again now to see the differences. Overall I think it is a fun restaurant with many menu options that should satisfy anyone wanting to eat!
Great food, every time! I love their pre-created Taco selections and love that they give you the opportunity to create your own. The chips and multiple dip selections are amazing. The margaritas are incredible and there's no way to stop at one!
I love the meringue cake here! I've had it so many times! One of the best! So fluffy, light, and it melts in your mouth. \n\nThe tart was delicious too. The chestnut cake wasn't worth it. It cost $4.50 and it only had one layer of chestnut and the meringue topping wasn't fresh. \n\nDefinitely stick with the meringue tart and meringue cakes. \n\nA tip - order it the day before because I wanted to buy a cake, but it was sold out.
Tasty daily selections for lunch.   Nice decor, large dinner menu.   Good Indian beer selection. Recommended.
This was my first time eating here! We were greeted quickly by the hostess and sat immediately. The place was pretty clean. Our waitress was very nice and polite. The food came out quickly. We both ordered a double patty burger with cheese dressed. (Lettuce tomato mayo mustard pickle onion) I really enjoyed my burger! It tasted yummy. Everything was fresh. I opted for the onion rings instead of fries. They were good. My hubby got the fries. They were shoestring fries, which I like. There is also seasoning on the table to put on your fries. Very tasty indeed! My peanut butter cup shake was ok. I expected more of a homemade ice cream taste. It tasted too frozen. It was decorated nicely with whip cream and a cherry. My hubby enjoyed his chocolate shake. We paid at the front. It was quick. Great experience overall.
My Hunny and I come here every year to celebrate his birthday. We always end up spend so much money on our meal... But I gurss thats okay because of the occasion. We had an amazing waitress who was very much on top of things without coming over every 10 minutes to interrupt (like some of these new kids) she was genuinely enjoying her job with happy and smiling though she did say she was a little tired for checking pletely understand it's hard work being a server. Food is always, atleast for us, wonderful.
I have eaten at other Smash burgers before with great results. Last night it seemed like the crew was off their game. We entered the store got in line with one person in front of us getting their order taken. When done we stepped up and then we did not exist anymore. The person behind the counter did everything but take our order or really acknowledge we were standing there. After several minutes we just left and went to another place to eat. There were two people who were up in front working and neither one did anything to help us.
We came here on a Sat night with no reservations and got a seat quickly at the bar. This place is pretty small so it's recommended that you make a reservation. They do have walk-ins for the bar, but the seating isn't very comfortable.\n\nAmbience: Reminded me of an authentic Mexican dive. They played Mexican music throughout the night. \n\nBartender: He was super nice and told us that each drink had 2.5 shots of hard liquor in it - definitely worth it! \n\nFood:\n\nGuaca Fresca: This guac was definitely better than the one we had at Barrio Coreano (one of their sister restaurants). You can pick the spice level and it's served in a cool molcajete. 4/5\n\nTacos De Pulpo: Grilled octopus tacos. There were only a few pieces of octopus and the charred jalapeno salsa sauce too spicy for my liking (I know this would be spicy though). This wasn't anything special. 3/5\n\nTacos Al Pastor: Adobo-marinated pork roasted on a Trompo with pineapple. The slice of orange/tangerine gave the taco a nice flavour and texture. The pineapple wasn't very sweet, but the pork was nicely marinated. 3.5/5\n\nToluca Choriza Burrito: Homemade Mexician chorizo (sausage) topped with an egg. This was my fave dish of the night. I think Cabana's speciality are their burritos. It was a big dish, which for $16 was great value. The flavours were amazing and the egg on top gave it a nice touch. 5/5\n\nI would definitely come back for the Burritos, but prefer Barrio Coreano for their tacos. This place is on the pricer side - we spent about $80 including tax and tip for 4 dishes, 1 alcoholic and 1 non-alcoholic drink.
Disappointed doesn't even begin to describe how I feel about my last visit to Bampot. When I walked in it was a lot dingier than I remember. We had initially sat on a table, and then moved to one of the cushioned alcoves by the window because it looked cozy. Unfortunately, they were very dusty and even had hair balls scattered around (one of them stuck onto my friend's shoe that she had taken off and placed off to the side). It looked like it hadn't been vacuumed in a long time. After noticing the hairballs we moved to a table nearby that looked like it hadn't even been wiped down. My friend asked the waitress if she'd be kind enough to bring a wet towel for her to clean it with (she didn't even ask her to do it) and she came back and brought us paper napkins. \n\nWhen the waitress came to get our order we asked whether ice teas were available. She told us that any tea could be made into "iced tea". Other than that she didn't have much knowledge about the teas since she was new. We ordered the dreamsicle iced tea, blueberry tea, and earl grey tea with a splash of milk. For food we got the savoury platter ($17.50) and a side salad. \n\nI'll start with the tea. It was all very watered down. I've ordered the dreamsicle every time I've been to Bampot and it's never tasted like that before. The teapot wasn't even filled to the top. The blueberry tea tasted like water. As an avid tea drinker, I'm aware that fruit teas usually have a lighter taste but this had very little taste to it. My friend's earl grey tea tasted like (her words) "tim horton's tea that had been left to sit out cold". We were so upset that we had contemplated leaving but unfortunately had to wait for the food. The tea cups and teapots were also all chipped and didn't look like they were in good shape. \n\nWhen the food finally came out, the platter was a sad imitation of a cheese/hummus plate. I looked at the pictures on yelp and mine didn't look anything like those ones, not to mention it didn't even have grapes. For something that's nearly $20 you'd think they'd be nice to include a bit more than a couple morning rounds cut up, hummus, crackers, cubes of cheese, and ¼ of a cucumber. \n\nThe washroom also smelled strongly of urine and there was no paper towels. \n\nSadly, I won't be coming back. I used to love Bampot but now it's just one those places that has been left to new employees who don't seem to care.
I enjoyed this place.  I went the night the Buckeyes beat the Ducks.  The wings where great - fried crispy.  I tried the caveman and BBQ sauces.  I like the caveman sauce - flavor and kick.  I also have the meatloaf.  It was moist and comes with a mushroom gravy.  You can sample the draft beers.  TVs everywhere!!
Never had to pee so bad in my life. Here's my story...\n\nBrick House is airy and rustic inside with a wood burning fire pit. We came at lunch and it was not busy. All of us opted for iced tea and we had a round on the table within seconds. The house salads were fresh and crispy...honey mustard dressing a bit sweet for my tastes. With just 2/3rds of a glass of iced tea our server asked if we wanted refills...we brushed him off and kept talking. I ordered the blackened mahi sandwich with fries. My colleagues both had the daily special chicken pot pie. As we waited another full round of iced tea arrived. We muttered our acceptances. The mahi was especially juicy and flavorful. In fact I hadn't had such a good piece of fish in this area. The pot pies were flaky and large, nearly 8 inches across with chunks of chicken breast, potatoes and carrots...this was savory goodness. Another round of iced teas arrived and I finally yielded, excusing myself to the restroom. The fries are seasoned well and plentiful...I felt like we got our monies worth for such a decent fish sandwich. As we prepared to pay the check, yet another round of iced teas arrives....this time in to-go cups! Good god man, apparently they need to get rid of this batch of iced tea!! Lol\n\nOverall very tasty dishes with good service...will come again and perhaps drink beer next time.
I was honestly surprised at how much fun we had here. We came by for a late lunch on a weekday and it was almost empty and devoid of small children. We sat at the bar and ordered an Irish Mai Tai (has beer in it) and a blackberry Moscow Mule. They weren't exactly stellar cocktails, but they were tasty enough. On the menu are several items where, if you order them, you can opt to pay more and get a 1-hour game card. This seemed like a great deal. We opted for the nachos, which were priced at $12. By paying $14.99, instead of $12, we got a game card for all the games letting us play whatever we wanted for 1-hr. The one catch is that you can't earn tickets when playing with a timeframe card. But you definitely get a lot more play for you money. The nachos were pretty good. Standard bar fare. The selection of games was pretty good, including some unique ones we'd never seen before. In addition to skee ball and some of the other usual suspects, there was also a motion roller coaster ride and a 4D scary shooting game one. In sum, we had a great time and will be back for more fun.
The donuts here are amazing- unsure of their management. I stopped in to get a gift card for a friend one evening. The lady at the register was very helpful. Then her manager stepped in and was incredibly rude to her and me. Left a bad taste in my mouth.\n\nNot something I normally see here. Go and get the maple bacon.
Ordered the Mushrooms Gruyere Spinach omelet.  Very good,  and they don't skimp on the fillings.  Service was excellent. Coffee was excellent. Tasty red potato "hash Browns."  Country atosphere is light and airy. \n\nThe only negative I can think of is that for me,  it was difficult to get comfortable in their hard wooden chairs.  That aspect alone detracts somewhat from the experience. \n\nAdvice: get some chair pads or build in some booths.
This is a great new family run business on Eastern Avenue in Henderson NV. \n\nAll food and deserts are made in house \n\nSo far, we have tried:\nCaesar Salad\nFettuccine Alfredo\nFettuccine Bolognese\nGnocchi \nLasagne \nTiramisu \nCannoli\nGelato with Mixed Berries\n\nEveryone of them was delicious.
Well, I did go back to try it out one more try. I ordered the Lasgna this time. The server was really nice. She smiled everytime she came to our table. She walked quickly and always checked to see if our food was okay. The most impressive thing was she remembered our order without writing it down!
My family and I have been here twice just this month! It's excellent food with great portions. From the appetizers to pizza to pasta, it has all been great!\nSo glad to have a new and delicious Italian restaurant close by that won't break the bank.
I'm a bit annoyed because, for the most part, I like the food at this place. However, they are getting 2 stars because I just called to do a take-out order and was told "we are too busy to do takeout right now"...WTF??\n\nGranted it is Friday night at 8 PM, but I could have been told my take-out would take 1 or 1 1/2 hours and I would have been cool with it...\n\nLook, the place does not have very much seating. Besides: I don't feel like going out tonight...why can't I have my take-out???
First time there tonight. My boyfriend and I were not greeted by anyone and stood at the door for a little bit. The atmosphere is cool and updated. We chose to sit on the couches. We had a male server which seemed to care less and wasn't too friendly. I chose the ribeye which is a special on Tuesdays. It was suppose to be 12 oz but more like 6 oz. It was ALL fat. I told my server and the manager came to the table. All she had to say it the ribeye is a fatty cut of meat. I didn't want to spend $18 on a steak made of fat. Save your money folks. This place isn't anything special and food is MEDIOCRE. I will not return. Manager wasn't very understanding. I didn't even want a discount. I just wanted her to be aware. I work in the food industry and I'm a server. This place needs improvement. Only thing it has going for it is the cool design. Cook at home folks.
Super yummy and fresh. We happened to show up once on accident for a Easter buffet that was all you can eat and my lord -it was super yummy! We always try to plan our trip to the spring preserve so that the cafe is open.
Came in here one morning around 10 am and only 3 tables had people eating. There was only one server working. My mom and I both ordered coffee to drink. When I was about to take a sip there was bright red lipstick stain on my cup. I advised the server and she looked lost, until I suggested she change the cup. I watched her pour the coffee from the stained mug into the new mug. I was going to say something but didn't drink the coffee instead.\n\nI ordered the big breakfast, it comes with 4 eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, fruit, homefries, and 2 huge pancakes all for 10.99 which is a steal. The food was great, I have no complaints it really hit the spot. I didn't finish all of it, it was a lot of food. I didn't touch my pancakes either, kinda forgot about them cus there was so much food.\n\nThe customer service lacked a little. The server didn't come over to our table once until I had to ask her for the bill. Everytime I looked at the chefs corner we locked eyes. Which made it uncomfortable and kinda wierd. \n\nI would come back again, it really is a great breakfast place, and its cheap.
Came here for the first time with my friend and my son on a rainy day. The tables inside are incredibly squished. No elbow room at all.\n\nThe waiter wasnt the most great to begin with. I ordered the lobster tacos ($18.00). When i asked if there was anything for children to eat the waiter reluctantly told me that they had chicken quesas. When i asked where on the menu is it, he told me that it wasnt on the menu. I ignored his behavior, and said ok.\n\nThe lobster tacos had no flavor. It came with 3 small tacos. On the good side it was packed with lobster meat and got soggy if not consumed in 10min.\n\nCustomer service was LOW. Waiter never came around and asked if we were ok, until we asked for the bill he seemed to be interested in our experience then. Not a good sign.\n\ni feel this place is overrated.
Sehr nettes Cafe / Restaurant, Preise eher gehobene Klasse, aber für Stuttgart Zentrum angemessen.\nSehr schön eingerichtet, zwei Stöcke mit reichlich Platz, inklusive bei schönem Wetter.\nDas Personal ist sehr freundlich und aufmerksam, bei uns wurden zwar das Mineral vergessen, dies wurde dann aber auch zügig und anstandslos auf der Rechnung korrigiert.
I was surprised to find a place so close downtown that served authentic Vietnamese food. To my delight this food was served very hot, full of flavor, and seems very authentic. Servers are Vietnamese and so is the cuisine. They serve a huge variety of dishes... Mostly phone noodles, many bowls of variety.  For my first visit I opted for stirfried rice noodles. They were very good!
I came here late on a Friday night with a friend and was able to get a table quickly. A late kitchen for other industry workers is always a huge plus. The bar was busy, but my friend and I opted for a table, instead. A server came over right away to give us water and to greet us, but to also let us know that any orders we make, had to be made through the bar, which was fine and we understood because my friend and I are both servers and bartenders. We did not try any of the beers or cocktails.\n\nMy friend ordered the pork belly skewers, which he thought were great, and he also ordered ramen as an entree, which he told me was just okay. \n\nHaving moved to Cleveland from Florida, I was very excited to see ceviche bowls offered on the menu for the spring and summer. I ordered the California ceviche bowl, which comes with white rice, avocado, scallions, tilapia, corn, and tomato salsa. I knew I was ordering cold fish and salsa with warm rice, but it just didn't meld well as expected and like other hot/cold combinations I had tried in the past. The rice seemed to have been sitting out for a while because it seemed to have gotten hard and crunchy. I didn't taste anything really stereotypically "ceviche" about the fish... no taste of lime or any citrus or any use of peppers, but I'll give it a pass because I still thought it tasted okay. \n\nWhat I had the biggest issue with, however, was the tomato salsa they used. It straight up tasted like marinara sauce poured over rice. I get that it was not listed as a spicy dish, but even a mild salsa has more taste than a standard marinara sauce. I looked longingly at the sriracha on the table and thought this dish would have tasted so much better omitting the tomato salsa and replacing it with sriracha, but alas, the damage was done.  \n\nOverall, I'd come back to this place for the cocktails and to enjoy the very awesome atmosphere at the bar, but I don't think I'll be trying their food again.
My partner and I whom have neither had very much experience with Indian food to begin with, took a recommendation from work colleagues to go to Tandoori Times and we both agreed it was one of the best decisions we'd made about dining in a long time. While not extremely simple to find, this hidden gem in Scottsdale is worth the time to seek out. Their menu is very easily broken down into main ingredient such as chicken, seafood, lamb, etc... I had the Goa Prawns and they were delicious. The shrimp themselves were generically good but the sauce they were in was fantastic. Spicy but not too spicy, flavorful but not too flavorful, and excellently paired with some rice and the awesome and highly recommended garlic naan. My partner had the coconut chicken curry and garlic and onion naan, which I had bites of and both were very very yummy. \n\nFriday night they have a belly dancer which added a fun and unique element to the dining experience. I would highly recommend trying this place out for either lunch or dinner. I know I will be paying them many many more visits to come.
Got a slice of red velvet strawberry shortcake and another slice from a different cake for take out... their price jacked up and I thought okay that's fine..their cakes are pretty good.. only to find that when I opened the box, the strawberry cake was so tiny it could be eaten in three bites...\n\nWorse yet is finding a small bug crawling inside the leaf of the cardboard box....\n\nOverall: 2 small cuts of cake for 10 dollars and a live bug. I used to come here often and like the quality of their desserts. Very dissapointed and I'm never coming back.
I visited yesterday for lunch with my co-workers. The decor is beautiful. You'll be impressed by the set up and beautiful statues. They have lots of seating, although you may not have as much room as you'd like.\n\n The food was nothing special. It will look and taste very similar to all the other Chinese buffets out there. It wasn't terrible but it will not be the best you've ever had either. \n\nThe service is where this place really shines. The staff is super friendly and helpful. We did not have to wait very long for drinks or to have plates removed. \n\nAll in all a decent place if you want some quick Chinese food with a lot of different varieties, but if you are looking for high quality cuisine, keep driving.
I really enjoyed the cake batter donuts served at Duck Donuts. Today I tried the maple bacon donuts for the first time and I was wow'ed. I hate to doubt the power of bacon but I never thought that It would taste that good on a donut. \n\nThe line was long and the place was packed, but things went very quickly. The cashier was nice and efficient. The only issue I had was that due to the crowd and the small size of the store, you're going to find yourself in someone's way as you wait. Other than that, I enjoyed my first trip here and hope to come back soon.
Ordered a crab meat with udon noodle in soup.  It's okay, but nothing special.
As good as it gets, this is my favourite pho restaurant in the city.\n\nIncredibly fast service, even when the place is packed, friendly service and consistently good food, it's hard to beat Pho Linh.\n\nEven when it's ordered to go, the meals are packed with care and the pho is deconstructed so that it doesn't get mushy in transit.\n\nIf you're in the area looking for pho, you have many choices, but hopefully after reading the many great things people have to say about Pho Linh, you'll make the right decision.
When I first heard about Bampot through social media, I knew I had to check it out and bring my boyfriend along. We both love tea and board games so it was the perfect combination. We went to check it out a couple of weeks after it opened. \n\nThe environment of the cafe definitely suits the name. The cafe is decorated with yellow, orange, and dark red walls, reminding me of the Indian culture. There are some areas where you can sit in the nooks and crannies of the cafe with only pillows and drapes, giving off that bohemian vibe. The space gives a lot of intimacy compared to most places I have been to; which is nice and unique to Bampot. \n\nBampot serves a vast selection of tea, some with free refills. Like most places, it has a $5 sitting fee if you would like to play the board games. However, it only costs $3 if you decide to order food. My boyfriend got the soup of the day, which was some sort of Thai curry soup the owners whipped up. He absolutely loved it and I enjoyed it as well. It had that spicy flavour that curry lovers would be familiar with. I had the Quangzhou Milk Oolong tea, which tasted exactly what you would expect a milk tea would taste like. It wasn't my favourite, but I didn't mind drinking it either. For each pot of tea you receive, you get a timer as well, so you know when the tea is perfectly steeped. Between my boyfriend and I, we pretty much drained all the hot water they had for our free refills haha.\n\nThere are currently about 160 games available and when I was there, many of them were unopened. My boyfriend was in heaven for a short period of time after I found a brand new Firefly board game towards the end of our stay. Unfortunately it was a two hour game and we were already there for about two to three hours. He sadly had to wave goodbye to it.\n\nThe cafe hosts different events here and now. They have Scrabble Night on Mondays and free knitting lessons often. They planned on having a Dungeons and Dragons game night as well. The owners said that they were looking for games to host events for. If you are a game enthusiast and would like to bring an event to Bampot, definitely reach out to them!\n\nOverall, I highly recommend Bampot. It's so good that it's now my boyfriend's favourite board game place, knocking Snakes and Lattes to his second favourite. This is definitely a great date location to spend with your significant other. Also if you are a tea enthusiast, it is a must to visit! The cafe is very intimate and cozy with such a lovely staff. I don't recommend coming in with a large group of friends unless you are willing to break the group down. It's best to have no more than three (or at most four) other friends with you because of the space. The cafe also has hookah available as well.
The games are lots of fun, but the food is terrible and service worse. Come for the games go elsewhere for food
Fresh ingredients and an attentive staff. I can't say whether it's the best pho in the city but it's very good and if you're craving some pho or just want some brothy soup you can't go wrong here. Large bowls will be sure to fill up the hungriest person and if not there is a lot more to the menu. I add two big spoonfuls of chilli sauce (is that what it's called?).
I am not not an Italian food fan, but I wanted to try Trattoria Italiana due to the good review on Yelp. I arrived with a bottle of wine in my hand and had a reservation at 7pm. The ristorante was full and around 10 to 15 people were waiting at the entrance. The owner look at my reservation and  I got a warm welcome. No problem with the wine ($15 corkage fee).\nAfter a minutes we have been seated in the back room at a very nice table. Waiter came immediately serving some filtered water and drop some bread with olive oil at the table. Open the wine with a smile  and telling us the specials. The room was full and all table were taking. We Ordered some Calamari  (sauted) and Insulate Italiana for appetizer. 3 plates of pasta . My friend was happy to get the gluten free option. The owner touch the table during main course. My spaghetti were perfectly al dente. Dessert was tiramissu and the waiter was very nice to get out of his way to bring a little bit of raspberry and blackberry to my friend who is glutten free and dairy free. The food was serve in large portions . The service was exceptional. The prices very reasonable. The welcome from the owner was magnificent. A special thank you to DANNY R, our server who take is time, to explain the menu, give recommendation, open our wine, always smiling , spoke quietly with no rush to a difficult table of 3 who had 1 gluten-free dairy free, 1 vegan, an 1 normal menu. The entire experience deserve 5 stars! Because we spend a relaxing time with good food at a low price.
Great food... loved the chicken curry. Although relatively low on spices to tone it down a little, it had all the flavors that I would get back in India. \n\nWas completely surprised with the belly dance. Was pretty neat and a nice show. \n\nOverall excellent food and really close to authentic. Would love to come back!
I've been on the prowl for a consistently good all day dim sum place in the Spadina/Dundas neighbourhood.\n\nThe two of us arrived at 5:00 p.m. on a Friday.  A group of three was following us in.\n\nBut for one table (a couple with one child) getting ready to leave, the dining room was a sea of empty tables and chairs.  Still, there had to be a discussion between the waiter and a woman from the back as to where to seat us!  \n\nWe were finally seated at a table (round, jammed against the wall, awkward) and the other people were seated at a table directly behind us.\n\nThe waiter placed dinner menus on the table and walked off.  I know it was too late in the day for carts, but call me weird for thinking if you are going to call yourself "Dim Sum King" and advertise that you have all day dim sum, a dim sum menu should at least be offered.  \n\nAfter awhile, the waiter came back and I asked for the dim sum sheet.  So did the other table.\n\nAfter another while, the waiter came back with the dim sum sheets.\n\nAfter yet another while,, the waiter came back and looked at our selections.   He started stroking out things, saying they have run out of this and that, that the chef had gone home, and that anything we order from the dim sum menu will be reheated leftovers from lunch.  He did not offer to tell us what could be substituted for the unavailable items.\n\nNot thrilling news, but we had already been there for a half hour and were starving.\n\nAfter yet another while, the waiter came and asked us to move from our table.  They wanted to set up a table for six against the window five feet behind us!\n\nSo we moved.\n\nAfter yet another while, food came.  Only it wasn't our food.  It was the other table's food.  I knew it right away and I told the woman who was setting it out that.  Soooo...she did not believe me.  What???  \n\nI pointed out that the carbon copy of our dim sum sheet did not show what she was putting down.  She was stunned and confused and just stood there.  I suggested gently that she may have gotten the (OMG two) tables mixed up.  She consulted with our waiter and, as I suspected, the food was for the other table.  \n\nOne can only imagine the chaos that would ensue if there were more than five diners at once.\n\nAfter yet another while, our food came.  Well, he certainly meant what he said when he said they will reheat leftovers from lunch.  Warm, not hot and definitely looking sad.\n\nSo we had:\n\nHar Gow:  very good outside...just the right, chewy, sticky texture to it.  Unfortunately, they chopped up the shrimp so much that when you took a bite, the rest of the filling falls out in big crumbles.\n\nSui Mai:  small, very solid.  Kind of grey from the reheating.  The orangey "eggs" sprinkled on top were shriveled up so much that they felt like grit on your tongue.\n\nBeef Short Ribs:  excellent.  Not fatty, good amount of pepper, a touch of sweetness.\n\nSteamed Spareribs with Black Bean Sauce:  excellent flavour.  Very fatty, but we were, as I said, starving.\n\nShrimp Cheung Fun:  overcooked to the point of mush.\n\nFrom the bill, it seems that they charge $3.25 for the small items and $3.50 for the medium items.  We didn't get a chance to have any large items.\n\nMaybe they had an off day.  I don't know.  I probably will try it again to be fair...but not anytime soon.
I had lots of fun here And I truly felt like a kid again! The things that bugged me is that it is very pricey and the tickets compared to the prizes is very expensive! Something I can purchase at the store for maybe $10 cost 1000 tickets or maybe $50 of hard work gaining the tickets. So with that being said if you are in it for the fun and ready to spend lots of money then have at it! The service though was great!
Got the steak and eggs with the "filet mignon". Eggs and potatoes were delicious but my medium rare skirt steak came out well done and burnt. Sent it back right away and whoever grills is pathetic and was still the toughest piece of steak. Not to mention the plate that it came back out on looked like it had microwave juice on it..... 16 dollar entre should be 11 with that sorry excuse of a steak. Other than that the service is great
The photo of my bagel really says it all.  I asked for cream cheese and I pretty much got nothing.  Wish I would have checked before leaving.   I'm not sure how the person making this thought this was acceptable.  \n\nI love brueggers otherwise, but I have had issues at this location many times.  They always seem to get something wrong.
I gave this place a bad review a few years ago so I revisited it and my impression this time is better.  The place looked terrible from the outside before but they've spiffed it up a bit.  More importantly, the pizza is better than I remember.  It's pretty good and I would definitely get it again.  There are lot of sandwiches on the menu too and I'd like to try them.  But this time the only other item I tried was the jo jo potatoes and they were first rate - crispy on the outside, fluffy inside and not greasy at all.   \nThe beer selection is good, with a couple crafts offered.  I wish more of the inexpensive places around here would follow suit.  \nAtmosphere is probably the weak link here.  It's pretty cramped and worn inside.  But they are a neighborhood joint and they don't try  to be something else.  Give them a shot.
This Brick house has gone Family Friendly and the waitresses are dressed like  every other restaurant's waitresses now.  So to the reveiwer who found the sight of the waitresses legs "gross and disgusting", it's safe to come back now.    \n\nAnyway, the strength of this restaurant is its wide open setup that makes it an excellent place to catch a game.  The large square bar includes a number of craft beers.  \n\nAs for the food, mine has been mostly mediocre.  The burger was overcooked and the fries ordinary.  Fish was pretty good.  I go back occasionally, especially on game nights.
Love, love, love these donuts hot and fresh. Perfectly fluffy cake donuts with any combo of icings and toppings your heart desires. We love the maple icing best with peanuts for me and sprinkles for my husband. Eat them warm if you can!
Previously, I have gotten the grilled cheese w/ tomato soup and the chicken pot pie (Wednesday special) the soup that came with the grilled cheese tasted like someone poured marinara in a bowl. Not good. The grilled cheese was ok. The pot pie was amazing. I would order that again for sure. Tonight we both got the lamb burgers. They say they have goat cheese on them, but neither of us had any cheese. We informed the waiter who said they actually come with a goat cheese sauce. The menu clearly states goat cheese, not sauce. The deviled eggs were good the first couple times we came, but tonight the filling was really watery and the whites were very rubbery. I'm really disappointed that the quality keeps going down.
Grat for all ages.... Brings me back to the good old days with some games. Had a blast. And they have a bar with food and a lot of tv's. Will bring my kids n family here
Great Tacos and tortilla soup. Great food, not overpriced.\n\nGet one of each taco and share with your best friend.\n\nI bit disorganized in terms of ordering, but the food tastes so good its worth it.\n\nEnjoy
My little LOVES the kids Mac and cheese. I've tasted it and it's yummy. Wish they had an adult bowl. I recently tried the teriyaki bowl. My new favorite meal.
I'm not sure why all the hate for Hero Burgers...as far as overpriced small to medium sized burger chains go, they are pretty good. I still don't think I'll ever get used to the fact that a burger combo is going to set you back between $11-$13 depending on what you order but it is pretty much the average at all of these more "premium" (or whatever) places. What's a veggie burger loving guy gonna do (besides hit up BK or Harvey's)?\n\nThe Soul Burger (aka veggie) is perfectly tasty despite what a few people have said. Decent patty and bun, plus the toppings are quite fresh. I do hate the stupid way that they package the burger...it's meant to be sort of like a wrap that you hold while eating the thing but I always have trouble with it. A petty complaint, I know. The fries are also pretty good and I especially like their patented "Hero Sauce" for dipping, although I do hate that you have to pay extra. Again, that's pretty standard though...I always had to pay extra for Lick's "Guk sauce" and this is no different. Speaking of which, what ever happened to Lick's? Are they pretty much dead? \n\nBut I digress.\n\nAs for the location itself, I have no complaints. Service is just fine, they have one of those sweet Coca-Cola Freestyle machines (with unlimited refills) and free, albeit spotty, Wi-Fi. Again, I think that $12.50 for a takeout veggie burger combo is a tad high but that's the going rate. It's called "don't be so lazy / forgetful and bring your bloody lunch to work if you're going to complain"!
We went to Carrabba's in Frazer tonight for dinner.  Probably the best dining experience I have ever had.  We were greeted at the door with smiles.   Our waitress is hands down the best we have ever had.  Even the young man that brought out our dinner was nice.  We met the owner.  She just bought the restaurant about a year and a half ago.  Great experience and reasonable.   Food was great.  So if you haven't been there in a while.GO
The food is good - specifically the pork chops. However, the service is awful - we got our appetizer with our main course. The server also rolled her eyes when we asked again for something that was previously requested. A prior visit, we also had a server who continuously offered potatoes when we asked for no carb items.
I've had better . They were good, but not great . I feel this place is overrated . Krispy Kreme is better in my opinion !
Horrible service.  I have been to Red Lobster many times most times its a 3 hr long visit but dont go often anymore because the service and food is not up to par anymore.  Its not worth what they charge.  We went in and were seated immediately which i was blown away because when i came here last time it was empty and took us 20 min to get a seat.  We sat 20 min before the waitress took our drink order forgot the delicious little bread they serve while ur waiting but brought out the salads pretty promptly.  Our waitress wasnt the brightest and everytime we asked for something she did a rolling of the eyes number and seemed bothered honestly she shouldnt be working at red lobster with everything she had to be reminded of she is more mcdonalds material it may be management but no idea anyways when the food was brought out everything tasted just okay we were a party of 5 ( 3 children, 2 adults) and it was just mediocre food and bad service ended up spending 124 with the tip which if i was rude i really would have only gave 5 dollars because that is literally what the waitress should have gotten.  Overall spend your money elsewhere for the price and the service you mine as well spend a few extra dollars and go to papa deaux seafood.
Not an expert on Indian food, my daughter took me, and much to my surprise, I LOVED IT!!! A+
GameWorks is one of my favorite places to go if I want a fun, casual evening with friends. I definitely enjoy playing Skee Ball, air hockey, and other arcade games while having an adult beverage. It's like Chuck E. Cheese for adults, except there are also kids too. Because there are kids, you probably shouldn't try to get tanked here, but they don't create a distraction or prevent adults from having a good time. There's a solid variety of games for all tastes.\n\nThe food is equal to above average bar food, which is fine by my standards. The real reason for ordering food is so I can get the Dine & Play combo, the best deal by far. The combo lets you get certain entrees plus a one hour ($15.99) or two hour ($21.99) game card. I'd pay those prices merely for the card, so throwing in an entree on top makes the combo a great deal. It's much cheaper than paying the cash rate. The game card doesn't let you earn tickets, but you can still play most of the ticket games without earning. I don't care about winning a stuffed bear, so that's not a problem.\n\nDrink a beer. Kill some zombies. Race a motorcycle.
The texture of these donuts are different than regular donuts. It's like a mixture of cake and bread. It's one like any of your regular donuts. It's made to order by picking your own glazed and toppings to the bare donuts. It's warm, fresh and sweet. It's still soft and delicious the next day also.
Had dinner there tonight. The food was fine. Not particularly distinguished but not bad either. Unfortunately, the service was brutally slow.  It really should not take an hour for food.  Meal was over two hours; no desert.  Sorry but wouldn't go back to find out if this was an aberration. The other reviews suggest its not.
The Atlanta Yelp Empress, Kathleen M, came to town this week to help out with the Yelp Rocks event, so since she's a fan of ethnic cuisine, I decided we'd try Tandoori Times.  \n\nIt is kind of hidden in the shopping center - I suggest they get some better signage.  But we're smart girls, and we found it... it looked pretty dead from the outside but once we were led to a table, we saw a few other parties dining (including some friends of mine on a date!).\n\nWhile our service was attentive enough, our waiter kept attempting to talk us out of what we wanted to order and tried to sell us something different.  For example, when we ordered the chicken tikka masala, he suggested we order chicken chile instead.  No thanks!  And when we ordered the bengun bhartha (eggplant dish), he suggested something else too.  We stuck to our guns though.  We were girls that knew what we wanted!\n\nIn addition to the dishes above, we shared a house salad, rice, and a tandoori roti (whole wheat bread made in the tandoor oven).  We would've ordered an appetizer of sorts (Ie: samosas) but you have to do that during certain times of the day and we missed our window for that.  (Kind of odd, huh?!)  Nonetheless, I enjoyed everything although I added a lot of hot sauce - it didn't have much kick without it.  Gotta love that hot sauce!\n\nI really enjoy Indian food and don't eat it as often as I'd like.  It seems that many people are not up for adventurous eating... I don't get it!  Regardless, I'd come back to Tandoori Times in a heartbeat.  It didn't knock my socks off but it was a pleasant experience with attentive service, decent ambiance, and moderate prices.  Thanks to Kathleen M for trying something new with me!
Absolutely the best place in Toronto. I'm so happy that such a unique, comfortable tea place exists! They have something like 80 different teas on the menu, and the cutest little nooks with cushions to lounge on while you hang out and relax. Equally awesome place for a fun get-together or a comfy, quiet study session. Love it so much! :)
Usually I love this restaurant. Today (Mothers Day), we went in for lunch, like every Sunday, and they placed a sign in the window that they are serving dinner all day for Mother's Day. That's larger portions, which we didn't want and $4 more per entray. How is that a special?? We ended up walking out since the manager wouldn't let us order off the lunch menu.  Manager, if you're changing it for a holiday, make it a better deal, like dinner at lunch price...
Had a great time. A friend of mine came with me along with my 3 God kids. Did the 2 hour special on card with one entree (pizza) for $23 bucks. Not bad, considering I let the kids share the card instead of buying them there own card with limited amount of credits; which in my opinion is more expensive. Food wasnt amazing but wasnt terrible either. Had a lot of cool stuff like a separate bowling alley and a separate video game console area to play pc/video games - that however isnt part of the gaming card deal and you have to pay $5 per person per hour FYI. Someone gave us their all day pass because they were leaving so the kids got to play longer. We did leave and did the pay it forward thing to and gave the card to someone else to utitlize as well. Would love to see more old school arcade games as well as more games in general. Typical arcade games that could be found at Dave n Busters, Chuck E Cheese, etc.
As I ate my umpteenth-takeout meal from here tonight (mmm...malai kofta...) I thought it was about time for me to review this place.\nI really like it. The food at Tandoori Times is just more flavorful than it is at many other Indian restaurants in Phoenix, and I believe the ingredients are of a better quality.\n I do wish they had slightly more vegetarian options here, and I really wish they had pakoras on the appetizer list -- but other than that, I can't complain. And, while I like the place, my husband absolutely loves it, especially their lamb dishes.\nAlso, I have to admit, I'm emotionally attached to this place as my husband and I had the rehearsal dinner for our wedding here last October. They were able to pull it together for us with only a few weeks notice (our other selection had flaked out on us at the last minute). They were really accommodating when we were running late that night, and even started bringing out appetizers to our guests who got there before us (it was supposed to be a buffet, but they were thoughtful enough to improvise). Everyone loved the food, from the meat-and-potatoes Midwestern uncles to the Indian aunties, so that says a lot right there... also, their outside patio is lovely.
Been here twice other than I'm not a big garlic on the bun fan, there is nothing to complain about, really good stuff.
When Hero burger first opened up ... it seemed to be a breath of fresh air - finally a decent burger joint. \nsince then - gourmet burger places have become the latest craze. Instead of upping their game to remain part of the mix, hero burger seems to just get worse and worse. \n\ntoday's lunch highlights: not busy at all ... yet it took 25 minutes for my order to come. my friends who ordered after me got their food first.\n\nwhen my food finally came - burger was ice cold. \n\nthe service was quite unfriendly and as mentioned - slow. though after much hesitation the manager did give me his business card with "free burger" written on the back. (not sure i want it?)\n\n\nthe quality of the burgers (even when hot) don't even come close to craft burger - so if you're craving a burger and in this area ... just walk around the corner to craft. your taste buds will thank you.
Very very meh. My son wanted to leave before I asked him too. At least 7 games didn't work, weren't turned on or had bad joysticks or bad calibration. The ticket basketball game started but didn't have any basketballs!!! \n\nThe selection of games is very poor. They had several riding/driving games. And they were the standard run of the mill fast and the furious type. There was one that the steering wheel was stuck and we couldn't play it because we couldn't steer. Wasted money on that one. The other ones we played the steering was too loose and you ended up all over the place but not on the course. \n\nThe only race game worth it was Mario Kart. \n\nThere was three fighting games. Tekken was good as always. Marvel vs Capcom machine was shot. The screen was messed up and couldn't be played. Didn't even get to play. Street Fighters joysticks were busted and couldn't be used to do anything but random forward and back. \n\nPinball machines were meh. Ghostbusters was the highlight here. The Game of Thrones one was missing it's glass panel where the artwork goes. \n\nThe hunting shooting games didn't seem calibrated. Also we inserted our cards in the cabella big game hunt game and the system rebooted and we lost our credits. Just walked away from that one. \n\nThe Star Wars flight simulator thing was pretty bad ass. Me and my some both like it. He was shocked that when you take off a little puff and wind hits ur face.
This is the 3rd  version of the Springs Cafe that I know of, and its still about the same.  To be honest, the location and the view get the 4 stars, the food probably warrants about 3.5.\n\nThe dining choices are good, and I've never had bad food or bad service, but there is nothing terribly special about the offerings. A solid burger, good wraps, good pizzas, some interesting specials. Again, the food takes second place to the location.\n\nI would definitely recommend coming here if you're in the area, the views of the valley are great. Sit out on the balcony on a warm day an just take it all it.
The donuts here are pretty good. You can see them being made hot and fresh. I got the chocolate bacon and the bare powdered one. The waiting time is longer but nothing to be impatient about. Friendly cashiers too!
Steak 'n Shake is okay in general, but this location is not the place to go to. \n\nVery slow service. Our burgers were also incomplete. I got the jalapeño crunch one and it only had the meat, buns, and cheese. Everything else was missing. The manager checked up on each table there (including us) so it showed that he cared, but the staff is slacking.
A friend and I opted to try something off the beaten path & local. \nWe opted for Paganio's... we won't make this mistake again.\nThe service was incredibly slow. Our server failed to remember to bring water after several requests. My poorly grilled "grilled cheese sandwich" was a step up from the plate my friend received. Undercooked eggs and missing pancakes left much to be desired.
We had a great experience at the Mother's Day brunch. The staff was attentive and went the extra mile for us. Their attention to detail was apparent- they even had to-go style coffee cups. Food and atmosphere were great. We will be back.
We were there for dinner last night, Sandy, the owner's wife was very accommodating and welcoming.  5 of us ordered from the dinner specials menu.  They were all delicious and each dish was nicely presented.  The cream of broccoli soup was to die for and when it came to dessert time I wanted them all!  The price also includes coffee or tea, what a deal!! I enjoyed the decorations and it's atmosphere, reminded me a lot of fond memories of Hong Kong.  Wished I live closer!!!\nVeronica Berlin
Super excited to try this new Italian restaurant since it is so close to home. Excellent service and the food did not disappoint. For how large the portions are, the food is very reasonably priced. My husband and I both had enough for 2 full servings of leftovers. Pasquale, the owner, was so nice and accommodating. Sent us a special dish and also their tiramisu and cannolis to finish off our delicious meal.  Our server was sweet and super attentive. We will be back!
Firehouse is a solid sub shop and really isn't much more expensive than Subway.  They don't have a five dollar foot long, just better subs and a really cool soda machine.  The hot specialty subs are my favorite.  If I had to pick my favorite I would say its the "Engineer" but every sub I have ever ordered, at any location, has been good.  They are consistent, friendly and the subs are huge.  Get your sub "fully involved" and there's no way you're leaving this establishment hungry.  If I want a sub sandwich and there is a Subway and Firehouse sitting across the road from each other, I'm going to Firehouse because the food is better and lets face it, firefighters are a lot cooler than Jared.
This place is a little gem, and is actually a special destination for us given that it isn't in our neighborhood. If you're considering going, I have one word for you: go.\n\nIt gets very packed, even late at night (I think their kitchen closes at 11 on weeknights), but it's worth the fifteen minute wait at the door.\n\nI've never traveled to Mexico, so I can't give you an opinion on the authenticity of the food. What I can tell you is that everything they serve is fresh and delicious. You can basically point at the menu at random and be satisfied with what comes to your table.\n\nThe place is boisterous and lovely, with a lot of life. The service is attentive and great. And the cocktails... (again, refer to the random pointing at the menu technique).\n\nWORDS OF WARNING: Now, I'm a fan of spicy heat. But I was stupid enough to go b-deep into a hot paste that was on the table. Call me stupid or call me cocky; whatever. But I was dying, left gargling a glass of cold milk for a half an hour. ...stupid.\n\nTL;DR Great value, great food, great service. Watch out for the habanero paste in the jar unless you're cooler than me.
Who doesn't love hot, fresh doughnuts?  We've been to their flagship  location in Duck, and we're thrilled that Duck Donuts decided to expand to the CLT region.\n\nThe process is simple - you order and pay at the counter, and then pick up your freshly dipped doughnuts at the end of the line.  The process is faster and easier than you would think, and their prices are very reasonable, too.\n\nMy only complaint?  Their early closing hours.  Why aren't they open later on weekends to accommodate those who'd love a doughnut for dessert after dinner?  Since they close so early at 7pm on Saturdays, that makes it quite difficult.  I'd visit more, if they would extend their hours!
I came here with my boyfriend after reading a bunch of reviews on here... and I wasn't disappointed. \n\nFirst off there was a sign in the front that says no one under 21 allowed. Being that people said it was a family friendly place, we were kind of confused. We called them up and the lady was super nice and said it was no problem if we came in and ate. That definitely made us feel better. \n\nWe ordered a French Dip, a Geebee Burger, and the potato skins for takeout (back to the comfort in our worldmark condo timeshare). The lady, Diana, was super quick about everything and asked us if we needed anything yadda yadda yadda. She brought us out some water while we waited for our food. \n\nOur food was ready in about ten minutes which isn't so bad because you get to look at the totally cheesy yet lovable decor. \n\nBig warning about this place: there are no sidewalks to it and there is no crosswalk to it either. From the worldmark, you have to walk down the street then cross three crosswalks to form a uturn shape and then walk on the bike lane. Pretty lame. \n\nTotally worth it though. \n\nPS: even after walking all the way down the street, taking three crosswalks, and walking back down the street (in the rain)... our food was still blazing hot once we got back.
Always on a lookout for good Italian and I am so happy that Trattoria Italia has opened up where Montesano's used to be, and glad that it is creating some great dishes.\n\nAfter about 4 months, we have been waiting to come here.  I like the menu and their flexibility as well.\n\n1. Pasta - The wife ordered the Gnocchi with meat sauce and she really liked it.  I liked it as well, as the Gnocchi was both firm and tender and the meat sauce was very tasty.  They serve a very nice full serving and she brought some home for leftovers, there was so muhc.\n\nI tried the Fettuccini aglio e olio with vegetables and asked for Vegan style, since my daughter is vegan and I was gonna give her some leftovers.  This was a fantastic dish. The fettuccini is home made, al dente, and the mix of garlic and oil was just right.  I really enjoyed the simple taste.  The veggies were cooked perfectly and very tasty as well.  I did not leave as much for her as leftovers as I intended...\n\n2.  The pizza - ordered a large Pizza Capricchiosa, mozzerella, tomato sauce, artichokes, olives, ham and mushroom.  This was an excellent pizza, the mix of ingredients were just right.  The pizza crust was fairly firm and i was able to grasp it with one hand, fold it and bite into it the way i like to eat pizza.  \n\n3.  Caprese and Garlic Knots - We ordered the Insalata Caprese to start and the mozzarella and tomatoes were fresh, and mixed with oil and balsamic just the right way.  We enjoyed this very much.  The garlic knots were so fresh and so easy to eat.  I am afraid that if you don't control yourself, you will end up eating way too much.\n\nWe brought a lot of the food home, as we were really sampling what they had.  We also enjoyed their Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay.  The espresso coffee was also great. \n\nAll in all, a good place, good price and great service from everyone there.\n\nI will be back.
i just went here for the first time like 3 days ago and it was ok. i only checked it out because i saw their commercial a million times! lol the food was pretty good i just wish they had pictures on their menus or people that could explain what things are because i didn't know what half the stuff on the menu was. \nthen a fly flew into my dipping sauce and i was totally grossed out and ready to leave. i hate bugs.....
I was very skeptical on going to Zorba's under new ownership. I have to say everything was wonderful! The mushrooms were the best I have ever had there and the Gyro had the same great taste it always has. I'm so glad that the new owner has kept everything the same. Nice to know I didn't lose a hometown favorite!
This place has the freshest salmon sashimi! It's buttery and melt in your mouth in texture with all the healthy fish oils. The maki rolls are good as well (although I find them a little pricy, but I suppose they are similarly priced and good quality compared to the ones you get in the supermarket). I particularly like the spicy salmon. The chicken karage is also good. They have great sauces such as the spicy mayonnaise. \n\nI have tried their salad and also their miso soup and wasn't enormously impressed, however I'm not a miso soup person in general.\n\nThe service here is pretty polite and professional which is one of the reasons I come back again. You can have takeout here or dine in.
This place is so unique and unlike anywhere else I've ever been! The best word that comes to mind is cozy: this place is just so warm and cozy, and would be a great place to chill on a chilly fall or winter day. I came on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 4 other friends around 1 PM - it was pretty quiet when we first came in, but was a lot fuller when we left about 2 hours later. I love the decor in this place, there are so many colours and different pieces (carpets, curtains, tapestries, pillows) and it's so fun and eclectic, this place just has so much character. It is pretty accomodating for groups of various sizes, although I probably wouldn't come with a group larger than 5 or 6. We sat on some couches around a little coffee table, but it looked like most of the other seating areas were meant to fit groups of 2 or 3. I didn't actually look at the board game selection, but my group ended up playing one that I've never heard of before, so that was fun.\n\nThey have an extensive tea selection - I had the honey spice tea and it was kind of like a chai tea but a little bit sweeter and less cinnamon-y. I also had a salad and added a side of pita and hummus. The pita was so good, it was so thick and soft, and my only complaint here would be that there wasn't more. The salad was also pretty good, it had a lot of stuff in it like cashews and the vinagrette is house-made and very flavourful. Vegetarians will be happy to note that all the food options here are vegetarian and most are also vegan. My meal ended up being $18 after tax.\n\nI can definitely see myself coming back here, even if it's just to chill and chat with some friends. I saw lots of small groups nestled in these little nooks all around the place, and some people had even brought knitting supplies with them. It looked so cozy!
Taco's were da bomb as expected. If they weren't they wouldn't last. Romantic and social setting.
Another quality Happy Hour location in Vegas that I somehow came across. Only on Thursdays, from 4:00-8:00, they offer some great drink specials including $4 beers and $6 wines. The food isn't anything more than pub fare but it gets the job done. Live music and great views make for a nice evening. And the crowd was pretty small so you had the pick of the tables for sure. Definitely worth a trip on HH Thursdays. A nice change from your typical pub early evening out and a great way to begin Thirsty Thursday.
Great little breakfast spot. I love their home fries. Bacon, eggs, sausage all standard fare. Ambiance is nothing to write home about but its clean and comfortable. Prices are better then at other breakfast spots in the city. Bottomless coffee was good although we had to wait forever to get our re-fill. Portions are pretty standard.  Give it a try if you are in the area but I probably would not venture too far out the way to go there.
Hidden gem to be honest.   When you pull up to the club house. its not marked at all.  Its the middle building in case you are wondering around like I was.   We came in on a Saturday night and went into the bar and sat down.  Great service, stiff drinks and the food was fantastic.  Scallops were awesome.   Im coming back again to sit in the main dining room and try the wood fire food they have... it smelled awesome.   Easy crowd, plenty of space.  Im guessing the outside area is great in the summer for drinks as well.
Good stuff made fresh. The prices are reasonable for large portions of food. The place was quite busy and the service was a little slow but it was weekend breakfast, so I'll cut them some slack.
Well I just bought food today and I'm really mad at them. I swear that never come back to this place again. They over charge me for everything. I ask for addition fish sauce and got charge for $3 for tiny plate. They charge me for $30 for 2 portion beef noodle. I just upset because the way the do business is not the same as couple years ago. Really disappointed.
FOOD: Everything I ate - Chicken Tikka, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Biryani, Mattar Pineer, Lamb Vindaloo, Mumbai Shrimp, and Garlic Naan - were all great. I drank a King Fisher (Indian beer) and it was pretty good, better than most American bottled beers. Mango lassi was good, as it is in most places. \n\nPRICE: It's about $9-13 for each dish, and $3 for naan. \n\nATMOSPHERE: Decently nice restaurant, not very much Indian decor. The music can get a little too loud. Right when I jokingly said, "A belly dancer should come out and dance to this music," one actually freakin did. A white one. It was entertaining and awkward. But when a little girl went to dance like the belly dancer, that was hilarious. I swear that little kid danced for an hour straight. \n\nSERVICE: The waiter, who I've seen at campus multiple times, was helpful and polite. \n\nSKINNY: This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to in the phoenix area. I'm going back for sure to satisfy my Indian food cravings.
Delicious food.  A little expensive my sandwich medium sized and kids meal was $14.00.  None the less it was delicious.  Very clean and helpful friendly staff
Came here specifically to try their pastries and I wasn't disappointed! \n\nFirstly, it was easy to locate with ample parking in a visible stand alone section of a strip mall on Truscott Drive. The exterior looked like it had been recently done and I thought it looked nice and inviting.\n\nOnce you enter, the left side of the bakery is a grocery/retail section which looked well stocked with items that you won't normally find in regular stores however, since I was in a hurry and on a pastry mission, I didn't stop to browse. Then I crossed the bread corner, which caught my eye and looked and smelled tempting. The hot dishes section came next which didn't entice me too much since I'm vegetarian. Further ahead was the all important pastry case and luckily there were two cannolis left so my trip wasn't in vain. I didn't want to appear greedy so I just took just one each of a cannoli, chocolate eclair, portuguese tart, tira misu and red velvet cupcake. On the way out I spotted the coffee machine and couldn't help order an americano as well. At the cash, I was told there was a discount if I ordered 6 pastries - so I promptly took the last cannoli as well :D Everything was reasonably priced and I remember paying less than $20 in total.  \n\nI was helped by three staff members and all of them were exceedingly polite and friendly. I enjoyed my brief visit to the bakery and would recommend it highly just for the unique Italian-Canadian experience. The real icing on the cake of course was the taste and quality of all the pastries...everything was enjoyable but the cannoli and eclair were phenomenal! Can't wait to go back for more but I better hit the gym first.
Pretty meh food and service.  My girlfriend and I went for food and had a Town Square gift card.  We asked three employees if it was accepted there because it's not accepted at some locations like Fry's or Whole Foods.  Every one of them said "I'm not sure but we should take it" rather than go find a manager and find out.\n\nAnyway we sat down and the waitress (Erika I think) came over to get drink orders.  I ordered a water and she thought I ordered a latte.  My girlfriend ordered a diet coke and the waitress said "Is diet coke OK?"  :(\n\nDrinks come in the smallest glasses I've ever seen at a restaurant.  My girlfriend orders the pepperoni pizza and I order the steak frites.  It takes a bit too long to arrive, but it finally does.  There is no salt, pepper, or ketchup on any table so we have to ask for all of that.  The steak frites is supposed to come with a tangy ketchup but it is not on the plate so I ask the server about it and she says "Um, we have buffalo sauce but that's for the wings and I don't even think that's very hot personally ha ha ha."  I have no idea why she decided to respond to me that way, but whatever.\n\nThe fries are OK, the steak is actually pretty good, but my the pizza was very bland and tasteless.  It took way too long to get drink refills, and when we got them the waitress took our straws away and brought us new wrapped straws.  She also tried to pull a plate out from under me as I was still eating something on it.  Finally, at the end of the meal I have my payment card in my hand, all our plates are in front of us with the napkins and utensils on top and the waitress comes by and says "Oh, do you want some more drinks?"  No I want to pay and leave!  \n\nThe food was overpriced ($17 for the steak frites and $4 for the diet coke!) and not that great, but the service was absolutely awful.  I won't be going back again.
This is my new favourite place in Toronto. It isn't somewhere you go for dinner, although it has very good food. Go here to lounge with friends, play board games, enjoy the casual ambience, and drink amazing tea.
If you're Indian looking for authentic food, sorry to disappoint but this is not the place you're looking for. The food is bland, they got the spices all wrong and to be honest I lost my appetite and had an upset tummy for 2 days.
We're pretty pleased w/ Divine Cafe.  We've been coming out for lunch fairly regularly after spending the day at Spring's Preserve with our toddler son.  Lately I've been hooked on their  Angus burger, its loaded w/ your choice of cheese, 2 thick slices of bacon along w/ lettuce & tomato.  Its pretty filling plus all their sandwiches come w/ french fries, sweet potato tots or chips.  My hubby likes their turkey wrap and my son loves their kid's cheese pizza, it comes out piping hot so be careful w/ your lil ones.  Our total this afternoon, w/ our 10% member discount came to ~$27 including 2 Honest Teas and a kids drink, which comes w/ the kid's meal.  For fast casual the food is pretty darn good and priced very reasonably.
Went with my mom, boyfriend and brother.. we found hair in ALL of our food. Do not recommend going here.. its outrageous that we found hair in all 4 plates.
Omg this Hotel lets child sport tournaments stay there and let the children run amok do not at any point attempt to keep the children calm while the parents are drunk in the bar.  The linens were dirty with makeup and hair, the bathtub was not cleaned and the whirlpool tub did not work. The toilet did not flush and there was  trash on the floor.  Our original reservation was for a club floor suite with a king and a whirlpool tub not the room they stuck us in. The bathroom was extremely small you had to shut the door to even get into the bathtub.  Not what we expected from the Sheraton will never stay at this hotel travelers beware . The staff was really nice and polite but unless they stop letting tournaments stay there I would suggest not staying at this hotel or calling ahead to see if there's a tournament staying there. if there is stay at your own peril.  My advice to the hotel is to keep all of the guests with kids that are attending the tournaments on the first floor or stiffen up the rules for the tournaments and enforce the rules. I expect more for how expensive it is per night
You can go through $100 here in no time, the game prices are very high but the place is a lot of fun and the kids love it. Being in a wheelchair the accessibility is not bad at all. I just wish I could transfer into the games with seating easier. Overall a fun higher priced experience for the family.
The pizza here is good. The wings on the other hand are total pieces of garbage.\n\nLittle to no meat. They make St Louis wings look jumbo.
We'll the dang ol bar in the bowling alley is pretty awesome bartender with the red hair think heather be the name just a doll made delicious drinks very knowledgeable fun atmosphere give it a ten don't cha know
Great view, great food, great experience! \n\nI had the taco salad and I loved it! I didn't order anything to drink but they had flavored water (free) so I opted for that, that day it was strawberries :)\n\nWe sat outside and it was when it was still hot out but I actually still enjoyed it. The view makes you feel like you're not in the middle of the desert. You see parts of downtown Vegas and also have a view of the gardens below, so green :)\n\nI'll definitely be back!
The food was amazing and authentic I ordered it hot just enough spice but still a lot of flavor and the waiter was so  polite we will be coming back and had a great experience :)
After seeing all the reviews on here I was expecting something special. I was a but disappointed. The service was good and quick but the breakfast wasn't too great. The home fries are ridiculous. Basically lumps of hard potato. The bacon was good and there was a huge portion. The pancakes were my favorite but it was a extra 1.75 for a bit of Nutella which I think is a bit extreme. They catch you out on the drinks aswell. I paid 2.99 for a chocolate milk. I don't know if I would come back again. Not in a rush. The waitress seemed ok but had to keep looking out for her as she would disappear a lot.
Me and a buddy came here cuz we had the same day off to just relax and have some fun. We decided to bowl a couple games. We asked for a waitress to take our food and drinks orders. It took them 15 minutes to send someone. She took out order and it took another 10 minutes to get a soda? Keep in my mind the establishment is empty! We didn't get our food till we were done bowling. I had to have someone go find the waitress. This place is a waste of my money! If I could give it zero starts I would've!
I thought the Tonkotsu was delicious, but I'm not a ramen connesuir so I can't tell you how it compares to other places.  The broth was rich and flavorful, the pork belly sooo good, and the soft-boiled egg perfectly cooked. The egg was still chilly though, so maybe it could have been warmed a bit more in the broth. My SO got the Gangnam - very good, more spicy with kimchi flavor.  The restaurant has 2 names, Fire Belly Charcoal Grill and Yakiramen, which is confusing.  Only Yakiramen shows up here so maybe the back room will be Fire Belly when it opens? Anyway go eat there so it will stay open! I want to go back!
The quality and price of this restaurant is excellent for a buffet. I look forward to going back!
My husband and I got an order of 6 donuts to go and I was super pleased. We tried the strawberry, maple, peanut butter and cinnamon sugar flavors. They were delicious, all of them! They are simple, delicious and classic donuts. We will definitely be going back.
The combo sandwich is awesome..great bread. The hot giardinera pepper mix is great on everything. Kinda pricey (combo &small fry no drink = $10.76) but worth it to splurge once in a while.
Channon really gave me great service n drinks 2day. Thank you. I just wanted one drink, but her charm and enthusiasm left me with a handful of drinks..
Rule #1 Never Come on a weekend\nRule #2 Expect to wait for a game\n\n\nSo I've been here a few times and I'm a fan. I don't care much for kids so I know not to come during the weekend. I love playing video games and love to drink, I'm in heaven because this place has both. I can't say anything about the food because I've never had it. I can say that the service is either hit or miss, most of the bartenders are really really nice I've had 1 bartender a really pretty asian girl with a bad attitude but other than that I can't complain. I typically have a beer on draft and they are always very cold and the prices aren't bad. I always go for the Groupon special $20 for the all day pass because I could spend Hours playing games. Keep in mind that Game Works is not a big place so Yes you will have to wait for a game or two. This is a great place to come during the week and kill some time while having a few cold ones.
Service was good, food was good, the dancing and music was atrocious, i couldnt enjoy the food due to the ridiculous music volume...other than that, pretty good...they were nice when they brought out my birthday cake.
Most of us have gone to a theme park and been greatly disappointed by the food services.  Usually prepackaged, microwaved fare or fast food level, or super pricey)   Even the great San Diego Zoo has mediocre food for the most part (although if you search they do have some gems).  So I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at the Springs Cafe which offers well prepared, gourmet style lunches and entrees at reasonable prices.  I had a ceviche salad that was excellent.  The hamburgers were great and the sides excellent.  The sundays were tasty.\n\nThis isn't a gourmet location though and the service is underwhelming, the ambiance mediocre. In fact the service was very poor, they tried to bring our deserts (we got free sundays with the coupon on the flyer) at the same time as the meal. Then when we got them to understand we wanted them to wait on delivery, they got mixed up as to how many we ordered.  Also the food takes a while.  But the food is worth it and even the picky eaters I was with enjoyed their meal without complaints, not an easy task.
Duck Donuts is absolutely heavenly. I've been getting donuts from their original location in the Outer Banks for years, and I had no idea there was a Charlotte location until very recently. This location did not disappoint! The donuts are very cake-y, which is without a doubt my favorite kind of donut. You order what frosting and topping you want on each donut, and now you can order a drizzle on top of the donut too!\n\nThe one downside, as someone who has been to the original location, is the different atmosphere. The original location seems a bit cozier and more welcoming than this location, but the food is just as delicious.
What a fantastic new teahouse!  I was recently here for a birthday party and instantly fell in love with the place. The owners are young and run the shop themselves. I love the decorations. Especially the little reading nooks. I could spend days here. \n\nThe specialty teas danced on my tongue. They're pricey, but they're delicious and unique. This is no starbucks.
I came here the other night with a big group of people and we had a really nice time. When you first walk in, the restaurant asks you to please take off your shoes. Word of advice: It's a great idea to wear socks if you don't want to use the slippers provided by the restaurant and if you want to leave with clean feet.  I'm a bit of a germaphobe, so I wasn't too thrilled about taking off my shoes.\n\nFrom afar, the restaurant looks small but once you are inside, you realize it is much bigger.  The venue has tons of seating and a bohemian-like ambiance. Bampot provides guests with little nooks where they can relax in a comfortable environment. The nooks have carpeting and pillows for you to just lounge. They also have some traditional table settings as well. The idea is to make you feel at home. \n\nThe restaurant also has a room with shelving and tons of games available for play. We didn't play any games on this night but it was nice to know we had the option. \n\nThe menu is also pretty awesome! Bampot can accommodate vegans and people who are gluten and/or lactose intolerant. Talk about a win!\n\nI shared a vegan cheesecake with a friend and it was the best gluten and dairy free cheesecake I have ever had!  I would revisit Bampot just to have another slice of the blueberry cheesecake.  While there, I also tried the gluten and dairy free stew and falafels. Both dishes tasted amazing! I especially liked the falafels. \n\nNow onto the tea (the real reason we came here). Bampot has an extensive tea menu. They have tons of teas for you to choose from including some featured teas such as Unicorn Blood. It sounds disgusting but it is oh so amazing. My friend bought it and it was delicious. \n\nLater in the evening, I described the type of tea I was craving to the waitress and she created a tea blend that wasn't on the menu just for me. The tea tasted amazing and everyone in our group tried it and loved it as well. Of course, I had to ask the waitress what she did and she told me she blended strawberry kiwi and apple cider tea. This combination is so amazing, you'll have to try it!!\n\nI highly recommend this restaurant café and believe you will love it too.
Terrible place. I have eaten there a coupe of time and the food at first sight isnt bad until you notice all the bugs in it. The place does not have AC so the pho usually has a lot of nats. This place is gross. After complaining i have gotten another soup with another two bugs floating in it. After taking about 5 bites all together out of both plates the waiter demanded to pay when i got up and told them there was insects there again. Just awful.
I have been to Charr about three times since it opened, in hopes that things would improve but the never do.  I've had many of the same experiences as several other Yelpers -- they are out-of-stock on what I order, the burgers are never cooked as per the customer's order, tables and floor outside sit littered with old food and napkins for WAY too long, rude service, over-priced, etc., etc.  Not sure why they don't read these reviews, learn from their mistakes and make the changes necessary to be a good restaurant.
I have been here quite a few times, and everytime I bring someone new!\ni love authentic Cuban food.  I like the wide variety.\nI'm definitely a fan!
Wow. So good. The gangnam ramen is the bomb. Only $11 for a big bowl. I think so cheap. This place is too nice to be that cheap.\n\nThe restaurant over all is awesome. Very clean. Good and fast service\n\nGood music with fun Japanese cartoons project on the wall.\n\nPretty cool place to hang out for some good food.
Small cute patio\nMake sure you check with the hostess before you sit down though - she gave us crap for seating ourselves although the waiter guy said sit wherever\nDon't get the caipirinha drink - there is no booze\nBut the entourage is good\nChicken tacos were awesome - deftly recommend them
D.E.L.I.C.I.O.U.S - always fresh, made to order, lots of crazy varieties. I was a little overwhelmed and would love to see more suggestions of how to put things together - the same personal problem I have at fro-yo places. But, they are up there as some of the best donuts I've ever had, for sure!
Hidden in plain sight, I was informed about Duck Donuts a few weeks ago. Now, I'm a regular and wish I lived closer so that I could make this a part of my morning routine. The cool thing about these donuts is that they are custom made. There are topping combinations that DD has come up with, such as Maple Bacon. DD also has a Donut of the Day. However, there is no discount and you can order any of these any day of the week.  I guess it's a way to get people to try something new. I personally like the Maple Bacon, which has glaze and bacon on it. The bacon is a nice compliment to the sweet on sweet donut. Donuts are only $1.20. I cannot overstate how good these donuts are. They are not overrated and you have to try it to understand the greatness that lies within. \n\nBeing able to watch the donuts being made, this is also a place that kids seem to like. They get to watch the donut making process from start to finish, as they are fried fresh by the minute. The service here is great, as they seem accustomed to people asking several questions about how this process works. I'm sure it'll take awhile before not many people are new. DD also has various merchandise for sale, such as rubber ducks, shirts, etc. There isn't much space to sit down, so you don't want to come with a large group. Nevertheless, if you're lucky, there may be space for two. There are also two small table outside. I saw several people sitting on the sidewalk eating their donuts. If you haven't been to Duck Donuts, stop what you're doing Right Now and thank me later.
Now just called RED.  They dropped the word Koi from the name about a year ago.  Possibly a change of ownership.\n\nI really liked that place when they had Katsu Curry.  It's a difficult dish to find here and one of my favorites.  They don't have the curry any more and I haven't been back since.
The food isn't the greatest, unfortunately. I've been to this particular location twice. The food during my first visit was just okay and during the second visit it wasn't very good. I don't plan on returning for a 3rd visit.
Everytime we go to Red Koi when get great service and even better tasting food. Red Koi has become our new favorite sushi spot they have a large variety and many different options to choose from.
Today my wife and I got up around 2:30pm and made it just in time. from fort mill SC.and it was so good cant wait to go back.  THANK YOU DUCK DONUTS.
New location! So i ordered the soup and salad as always, asked for the fresh ground pepper.. hold on.. ok yeah still waiting. Asked the nearest staff member for it again.. waiting..  manager comes back and said they weren't sure what 'cracked paper' was .. So I picked up the pepper shaker and ten was brought the pepper. Everything was fine after that, oh and it doesn't smell like mold as the old building did.
If you like zero customer service and an untrained staff then hurry on in. This is the place for you!
All they're donut taste great, my favorite combo lemon icing with raspberry drizzle. We went Sunday morning and the line was almost out the door.
The donuts were great and there are plenty of combinations to try. They were very busy but still handled orders efficiently and with a smile.
This restaurant is an amazing surprise! We walked in, greeted with friendly service and immediately was asked of we wanted coffee as we were being seated! Great place!
Warning!  Specifically asked to ensure no peanut contamination. Was even noted on receipt by cashier.  Two bites into cashew chicken dinner and i went into anaphylatic shock.  Bad training and or bad food handling, either way, puts cutomers at risk.  For me it was peanuts, for you it may be something else.  Worth the risk?
Finally had a chance to stop in Tandoori Times and was surprised to find their new lunch buffet! If you love Indian cuisine, you know buffets are the way to go - and Tandoori does not skimp out on the selection like other places. Their buffet includes goat, lamb, chicken, soya, sag and *unlimited naan (ask for different flavors - our favorite was classic garlic!).\n\nService is on point - from the educated hostess, always-refilling water lady, and the welcoming General Manager, Aaron, who takes pride in the restaurant's history, delicious food, intimate ambiance as he should!\n\nIf you're looking to indulge your Indian cuisine craving or spend a long lunch hour with friends over great food, look no further than this gem. We'll be back to Tandoori Times for sure.\n\nLunch Buffet (11:30 am to 2:30pm)\nTues - Thurs: $13.95\nFri - Sun: $16.95\n*Naan Bread Up-grade :\nTues - Thurs: $2\nFri - Sun: FREE
This place is AMAZING!! We found it by chance and are we glad we did. When you are there ask if Lindsey is working. She was our server and was outstanding. Started with the Potato chips with blue cheese and they were fabulous!  We had the Southern Fried Chicken sandwich, Chicken Fried Benedict, Prosciutto wrapped Meatloaf.  There was NOTHING we could say that would deter anyone from giving this place a try. Too bad this is the only one within a reasonable distance.... Can't wait to go back....
Came to Zorba's on the suggestion by a cousin who has, and I quote, "never given a bad food recommendation".\n\nAnd it was another hit!  Chicken gyros and fried mushrooms for dinner hit the spot.  \n\nAt other Greek spots, I'm used to having a humongous foil wrapped hunk of a mess of gyro served to me that I inevitably finish... and end up feeling like a blob because I didn't want to waste food.  But Zorba's is here to help you with portion control!  I like how they offer their gyros in 4 different sizes.  Oh, and try the cucumber sauce.  \n\nYou know you're in for a treat when it takes 9.8 seconds for the grease in your meal to seep through the bottom of the paper bag.
we were excited to bring an out of state artist here for brunch.\nunfortunately we had a terrible experience.\nthe waiter greeted us with 'wow you guys smell like loud pack' and 'hope you get home safe'.\nexcuse me?\nwhat kind of customer service/experience is this?\nwe are paying for drinks and food at your establishment, yet are confronted with an immature staff, leading to an underwhelming experience.\nnot only was our food served room temperature, but the bacon/pork belly was extremely over done (barely chewable).\nwhite middle class suburbia adopting other cultures to pass as 'cultural' and 'trendy' summed up our experience.\nno thanks.
I'm gonna start out saying, I actually don't like donuts. Or at least not til now. Hate Krispy Kreme. Can't stand grocery store versions. I've just never liked them. I tried both the maple bacon and the glazed with Oreo versions today. If this is what donuts truly are supposed to taste like, count me in. Im so sad this doesn't exist where I live. I'd be there every weekend.
Came in from Los Angeles for a couple on days. We wanted good Authentic Southern Italian food. My brother & I are super picky & always eat Veal Parm. We both got that & so did my hubby. OMG it was just like what you get in NY or NJ. The veal was so soft & the portions were very large. The decor was warming & homey. We will be back on our next trip in a couple of weeks. Excellent food, fast Service & efficient waiters. If you like southern Italian then you must try this Restaurant.
Authentic and affordable Mexican tacos in a very obscure dessert shop. \n\nGet the fish tacos and shrimp tacos. You won't regret it.
Amazing food - their taco bowls are incredible, and especially great for someone like me with food allergies! I can choose which ingredients I want; common allergens are listed; the waitstaff is awesome. The only reason I go with 4 stars instead of 5 is that the wait for a table can be a bit of a headache. But other than that, awesome experiences!
Only slightly better than average food (for the price range). Excellent service. Horrendously unacceptable atmosphere.  \n\nDined here after 9pm. Looking forward to the first tolerable outdoor temps this summer, sat outside on the patio which we were told was non-smoking. Patio was quiet and peaceful--we were the only table seated out there until several people came out, sat a few tables over from us and started smoking.  Disappointed, we immediately got up and went inside. Asked the waiter about the smoking and he moved our food and drinks inside rather than ask the smokers to smoke elsewhere.\n\nSitting inside was no better.  The group at the small bar was very loud and vulgar. Even a restaurant employee was literally screaming inside the dining room.\n\nWhen we got the check the waiter explained that he took two drinks off the check because the smokers were actually restaurant employees on a smoke break. WTF?!  He would have been better off not telling us that the smokers were employees.  If he didn't tell us we might have considered coming back. Knowing that the manager allowed employees to smoke on the patio while paying guests were dining out there only motivates me to write a review, not return and spend more of my hard-earned money.\n\nNo amount of great service or decent food can make up for a 100% unacceptable, avoidable and miserable restaurant atmosphere. \n\nZero effort was made to show even the most minimal consideration for that fact that paying guests were dining in the restaurant.  What kind of restaurant owner or manager allows the staff to create such a miserable dining experience for customers?
Great food! Great service! And an amazing atmosphere!\n\nHad the chicken wings which was atomic! Also had the steak burrito which was hard to resist not to lick the plate... Bartenders were really nicr and gave great drinks recommendations!
Had lunch here yesterday! \n\nThe Pho was amazing. The broth was maybe one of the best I have ever had in a Pho and the service was quite fast for being a downtown location during a busy lunch hour! \n\nI will be back for sure!
This is the ever-changing restaurant as I would call it. It seems as though every single restaurant that takes up this space fails to last. This space once was some sort of western style restaurant, then it turned into a AYCE sushi place, eventually into an a la cart sushi restaurant and now finally a HK Style Cafe. It's almost like this space is cursed.\n\nAnyhow with the history lesson aside let's begin! My disclaimer is that I never had great expectations prior to going in and you shouldn't either. The very idea of HK Syle Cafe equates to affordable and decent tasting food that is served fast. And with that I believe this place delivers. I won't say the food is mind blowing in any way but it does the job. Some dishes are strong (like stir fried noodles and rice) while others are a bit weak (baked rice, soup noodles..etc) but what this place does have is variety. The menu is vast and very creative with enough variety to satisfy anyone. Another plus is the affordability; you get enormous portions for Scarborough prices. As if that's not enough of an incentive, they offer all guests a free dessert at the end of your meal. The desserts they serve are not the rejects either (unlike most places where they serve those red bean/green bean porridge crap that noone touches).\n\nThe service is attentive and pleasant the last few times I have been there. No complaints. I just hope this one is here to stay and break the string of bad luck this space has endured.\n\nIf you're hungry and need your HK Cafe fix, stop by.
the food is fantastic, fresh and delicious, but what i love most about this place is the contrast between the front of house and back. two conservatively dressed women run the kitchen while a young white guy sings and dances to EDM while taking orders. it's a riot. but back to the food. there are a lot of meat dishes, but dancing guy is super helpful by offering to substitute almost any vegetable or combination of veggies to replace the meat. and it always works. the salads are big and great, wraps are too, and the fries are delightful.
As far as chain sub shops go this is my favorite. There is no lack of meat on the sandwich, fresh veggies, and I don't have to spell out each item for the sandwich.  AND HOT SAUCE!!! \n\nOK so hot sauce is not something I would normally look for in a sandwich place but when there are so many choices... I try something new almost every time so I always get a new experience. I do and have recommended this place to many people.
Great food, great atmosphere and only steps away from where I live, which is always a bonus. They are ALWAYS bust so don't bother trying to go without a reservation unless maybe on a weekday around 5. They do allow you to make online reservations, but they're usually pretty booked up for weeks in advance and don't accommodate large groups. Anyway, the food is delicious so I guess it's worth it!\n\nThe portion sizes are good (I usually can't finish), which when compared to the too-small and too-costly options at their sister restaurant down the street (Hacienda) is a welcome change! The decor is beautiful and the music gives it a great vibe.
Mittagsgerichte von der Tageskarte, Pasta und Risotto waren vorgekocht und wieder aufgewärmt: daher die Pasta mit labriger Konsistenz, die darüber geschüttete "Sauce Bolognese" (Text Karte) und der darüber verteilte Parmesan waren optisch auf Raststättenniveau; Kräuter-Risotto ohne Biss mit breiiger Note; Standardküche ohne Raffinesse auch auf anderen Tellern; unverschämte Preise beim Wasser (1 Flasche Evian 6,20 EUR).
Wonderful burgers,  excellent onion rings, good service.  Just don't order dessert.  We ordered apple cobbler and was served blueberry bread pudding.  When we questioned if it was apple cobbler our waited assured us it was cobbler. After we ate a few bites... no apple! The waitress told us she has been waiting for a customer to question it.  We still were charged the full $7.00 for a dessert we didn't order or want! Too bad the rest of the meal was great!
Really great naan. Have only had fish and veg dishes but never had a dish that wasn't really good.
I'd give it 3.5 overall\nFood was good, not as great as I'd been expecting considering the hype.\nLa Carnita was much better foodwise\nGood vibe but we got rushed in an out, they brought the starter and mains at the same time
Just witnessed the manager yelling at a bunch of customers. This is supposed to be a family freandly place. Im now no longer comfortable coming here. My children don't need to hear this!!
It's a nice addition to Town Square but VERY pricey.  Not enough actual arcade games. And some are already broken or not working yet. Bar and restaurant area is too big, takes up half of the place. Bowling is $5 per game and $4 for shoes. Needs a lot of work to get out all the kinks to make this a great local spot.
I really liked this place. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the waiter, who was EXTREMELY nice, was a bit inattentive. We had to wave him over quite a few times. \n\nThe staff was extremely friendly, the music was nice and ambient, not too loud at all (I went on a weeknight, when there is no belly dancer or loud music). The food was really good, and this is coming from a picky eater who is not a huge fan of Indian food. \n\nThe dessert was AWESOME, and overall, for the enormous amount we ordered for 2 people (I have plenty of leftovers!) the price was fairly good. I was surprised at how low the check was. \n\nI will, say, though, it was a little hard to find. It's off in the back corner of the complex.
I've been going to this red lobster since I was a child the food has always been very delicious, when I was younger this use to be a nicer part of town but now it's pretty hood but this red lobster has remained well kept this place can get pretty packed on weekends or holidays so you would be better off to make a reservation also stay away from the mall nearby it's not safe nor a pleasant shopping experience. I give red lobster on 75th and Thomas a 4 out of 5 stars the food is great the place is kept clean and well kept the customer service is descent but I would recommend red lobster if your hungry for lobster shrimp or crab their chicken and desserts are also very delicious
1st and foremost I will tell you the food here is AWESOME!!!! It gets 5 stars for flavor and looks.\n\nThe atmosphere also gets a 5 star rating.  Where else can you sit on a couch, eat food that is brought to you and watch TV all at the same time?\n\nBut here's where it ends for me.  I WILL NOT PATRON A PLACE THAT REQUIRES/LETS THE WAITRESSES WEAR SHORT SHORTS AND TEENY TANKS THAT HIDE NOTHING.  Especially in the dead of winter.  It's gross and disgusting to see things I'm not in the mood to see when I just want to eat.  2nd, being a hetero woman, I'm not really into looking at coochy or boobies.  I'm also NOT into women selling their bodies just for a few more dollars in tips.  I WILL NOT BE RETURNING TO THIS PLACE!!!  If I could give a negative rating, this is the area I would do it in.\n\nOh, and YES, I did complain and tell this all to management and the main company.
We had our first visit to Tandoori Times 2 on Saturday 3/30/2013 meeting friends for dinner. Please note that there are three of these Restaurants in AZ: the original, #2 and #3, so the reviews could be misplaced. We dined at the location listed--8140 N Hayden Rd.\n\nI did read other reviews before dinning here. One  review warned: "We ordered 2 orders of garlic naan and it was burnt. Not just a little over cooked, the whole bottom of each piece was black charred burnt."   I "was going to" state: DON"T BURN THE NAAN when we ordered-but I didn't. The result was BURNT NAAN BREAD!\n\nWe ordered the Tandoori Shrimp for an appetizer @ $5.95 and it was very good. My wife ordered the Mumbai Curry Prawns @ $13.95 while I had the Chicken Tikki Marsala @ $12.95--kind of Americanized with little taste. My chicken was prepared unlike any other Indian Restaurant we've visited. It was ok but not real Chicken Tikki Marsala--very different! Additionally we ordered: Seasoned rice @ $2.75, Garlic Naan @ $2.75-BURNT! + Mango Chutney @ $1.95, Diet Coke @ $1.95 & one 22 ounce Kingfisher beer served with a WARM glass @ $7 happy hour price--FROZEN GLASS PLEASE!. Cost for above was $49.25 + tax & tip. Reasonable cost for this meal. Our friends ordered something different but the end cost was similar. \n\nOpinion on the meal: We like our meals to be HOT-temperature wise. When you place hot food on a cold serving plate, the heat is transferred to that plate. Other Indian Restaurants we've dined in use preheated  copper kettles or cast iron skillets to serve the food which remains hot. I ordered the food at a spice level of 6. Each restaurant has a different meaning for the level of spice. I would recommend a higher level of spice here. DO NOT ORDER the Naan Bread unless you like it burnt/black on the bottom. Service was very good and the restrooms were clean.\n\nVery strange as Tandoori Times has a Belly Dancer. Maybe this restaurant reflects a different region of India? We feel that they serve an Americanized style of Indian dishes. For my wife & I, Tandoori Times 2 appears to be "different" from other CLEAN Indian Restaurants we have dined in AZ--within 77 miles (as per Parani G.yelp review of 1/18/2012) + UT,  NC and NYC. My rating reflects the burnt/black naan bread, low spice level and the meal that cooled off rather fast.\n\nRead a SIGN in the Men's Restroom---Free Wi-Fi--ask your server for the password.  Interesting sign placement! Don't know if the Ladies restroom had THAT sign.
So I wanted to give Charr another go after my so so last experience. Sad to say that it was another unimpressive showing. If you are claiming to a burger bar, COOK BURGERS TO THE REQUESTED TEMP!!! I can get a properly cooked burger at village inn why can't I at a "burger bar" . The char on outside is great but doesn't make up for An over cooked dry burger. I will not return.
This is the place to visit if you love Mexican food- Real Mexican food. Had some yummy short rib tacos and washed them down with plenty of  authentic margaritas. The place does get busy so reservations are a most but worth it. \n\nDon't expect to linger and relax. The place is busy and food comes out at a rapid pace to get you to eat and get you out for the next guests to enjoy.
Visited Pho Noodles for lunch with a coworker recently. Our first time here. Coworker got the bun cha gio thit nuong which she liked.  Being viet I always try the pho to see if the restaurant is good or not. The pho was ok. A bit salty.  Not the best pho I've ever had but not the worse either.  There's some good pho on 19th and Missouri at Da Vang if you want to drive a little further and cheaper too. We also had the tofu spring rolls which were good. I would say this place is decent. Maybe go back and try something else. \n\nOh...we ordered the condensed ice coffee and dang, so small. Would have been good if it came in bigger container.  Anyways, service was quick and staff friendly.
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Bravo! The vodka sauce is EXTREMELY hard to put down when you have them with garlic knots. The lobsta ravioli is one of if not THE best ravioli dishes in Las Vegas. The service was great and they keep the place looking authentic but not run down. The fried rice balls with marinara was an awesome appetizer. Total bill for 2 with glass of wine each and app was $60. Such a great place, will definitely return!
ALWAYS a favorite! Lived in FM when it opened years ago and was a regular customer.  Even had my son's college graduation party in the back room.  The owner always has a smile on his face and the woman at the take out counter is just as friendly. The food is awesome. Every time I come to town I am sure to get at least one meal there.
We came for the first time and the server was kind and friendly, although never told us her name. We ordered the Mac N Chz burger and a turkey burger version of the Carolina burger. A regular next to us suggested as I ordered to get the sauce on the side. This was helpful and made it enjoyable to eat. We both had our fries crispy because that's how we like em. We were delighted by the shoe string truffle fries. They were crispy and flavorful. The service was average Friday night timing and the owner touched base to see how we were. The lighting is romantic, the atmosphere a quiet roar and the price point on par for the items being served. We will be back.
Come for the donuts.... Not the atmosphere. \n\nA little hectic and small for an anxious personality, but I deal with it because it's so fast and delicious. The line may be out the door, but you'll still be ordering in 5 minutes. \n\nCake style donuts, delicious every time.
Terrible. Food over priced, and you would get better service through a drive though window. Cafeteria setting. Don't do it.
The food is great here it's my first time here and it was amazing. I got the fettuccine Alfredo and it's was extremely good nice intimate place to for a nice little date night.
Took a while for the carts with the dishes I wanted to come around. If you arrive and order before 11 it's $2.80 a plate. The food is all good but none stood out..I think I will stick to Noble where I can order a la carte to ensure I get the dishes I want.
Hubby and I wanted to try something different for lunch so we tried TT. It was kind of an odd experience, wondering if it was just an off day. We waited a very long to be greeted and to get menus. We aren't familiar with the cuisine and the menu isn't very descriptive. We asked about some of the dishes and generally speaking, we felt like the servers were sort of coolly detached and didn't offer much info. \n\nIn the end we stayed safe and chose two chicken dishes (saag and vindaloo). While waiting I went to the ladies room but it was out of order and there was a sign that said to ask for assistance. So, I asked for assistance and was asked to wait for another server. I sat wondering what kind of assistance Id be getting with the bathroom, then a lady walked over and got a key out of the register. She motioned for the bartender to follow her to show him where the bathroom was, too. I then embarked on a journey out the door, across the shopping center, up a flight of stairs and into a vacant office space's dimly lit bathroom. With a restaurant server and bartender in tow. I took care of business and walked back to the restaurant where lunch was waiting.\n\nWhy 3 stars you ask? Because the food saves this place. It was awesome, I mean really really good. Loved every bite. \n\nPerfect? No, but that's why they invented carry out.
My family and I went for dinner after a busy Saturday, and we had a very good meal! My youngest son ate two servings of ravioli (his favorite) the service was very good as well!
This place is legit. I am not really into Italian food but this place made me love Italian food. The place is located sort of strip mall and from outside, it looks nothing extraordinary but taste they offer is whole different league.  Everything tastes homemade and I think they actually make everything from scratch.  \n\nWe had Carbonara with Chicken and Bolognese with meat sauce and both dishes were best Italian food I've had in my life.  Carbonara was really on point especially for me, because that Pancetta fat was like heaven on earth.  We also grabbed some Cannolis on our way out and we regret so much we didn't grab a dozen of them.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and visit here again.\n\nHighly recommended!
Great Happy Hour\n\nChicken naan and tandoori wings were packed with flavor\nChicken curry
Wow! Yum yum yum!\n\nMy colleague from China brought a group of us here for lunch. He swears by this place and I was a skeptic because I've been to many dim sum places and didn't think this could be much special.  The place doesn't feel like much as you trek through china town and up the 2 flights of stairs to this place... Once you are there, you sit and are inundated with people asking if you want things... And once you fill your table with way too much food (eyes are always bigger than the stomach), you figure out just how great the food is.  Everything was delicious!\n\nDefinitely try the pork buns, egg tart, dumplings, and chicken feet... Really everything was great! I left way too full.
Waited excitedly for Red to reopen after their remodel. Like some of the current reviewers, we were greatly disappointed. The sushi pretty much disappeared, what was left was not fresh or appetizing, the menu changed/shrunk and we were told the restaurant was now geared towards serving the growing local Vietnamese community. Had a couple sake bombs to sadly toast our last visit...now looking for a new sushi joint.
We came in for early lunch, seem they were packed for breakfast since there were alot of tables waiting for clean up. Anyways, they sit us down and we ordered. They have few menus put on the tables but somehow they are duplicate menu that printed n looks different but the content are the same. \nThe price seems above average however after seeing the food and they comes in a good potions so thats ok. The food came pretty quick and it taste right.
The food, while not traditional Mexican, is creative and excellent.\nSome growing pains when this location opened, but that's normal.\nI think the ordering system is unnecessarily awkward, but kind of fun once you get used to it.\nProbably helps minimize confusion in placing your order when the music is too loud to hear normal speech ;-)
Friday visit to celebrate a friend's 50th birthday. Talked about glory days over beer and burgers with a few pals. Calamari and zucchini fried appetizers were crispy and not overly greasy. Enjoyed the jalapeño and cherry peppers accompanying the calamari. Three of four folks got burgers and one person opted for the wild mushroom pizza. We killed two beer bongs of Thirsty Dog Old Leghumper's porter goodness. My burger was tasty but overdone. Medium rare order was cooked well into medium. Tater tots were a great side. Service was pleasant and attentive. Can't give 4 stars when burgers get overdone. Nice place, good servers and overlooked burgers.
The staff are the best.  Two of us were eating and one of our dishes didn't taste so good.  I mentioned this to the waiter who, without hesitation, took away the food and replaced it quickly with a different order.  He apologized twice (not like it's his fault!!).  I was really impressed by the wait staff.  The food is typically delicious, too!  We ended up having the warm brie with honey and slivered almonds...delish!!!
i'm not much of a sub fan, but i was blown away by what i got.  it was the new york steamer and it was the right amount of juicy without soaking through to the bread.  it melted in my mouth and tasted awesome.  it's a firehouse theme so it was cool that there was an actual firetruck out front- and city of Mesa firemen eating there.  I guess that was just a timing thing, but my son got a kick out of it.  Plus they've got one of those fancy digital Coke machines that are all the rage.  Too bad I gave up soda a year ago.  Hey, how bout a digital beer machine...
Very greasy and not as good as Rol San. I'm still giving this place a 4 stars though because it still blows any shitty NYC dim sum joint out of the water. For the most part it's a lot of the same dishes...but it's just done so much damn better. Toronto has high standards for Asian food. Clearly.
Ordered takeout dim sum from here for dinner yesterday, and it was delicious. \n\nWe got: \n1) Har gow (shrimp dumplings) \n2) Siu mai \n3) Chicken feet \n4) Steamed spare ribs \n5) Char siu bao (BBQ pork buns) \n6) Fried vermicelli SIngapore style \n7) Stir fried mixed vegetables \n& we got a bonus dish: deep fried taro with meat and deep fried meat and shrimp dumpling. \n\nWe loved almost every dish!\n\nMy favourite was the chicken feet and the siu mai, both were really flavourful and fresh and great portions. The stir fried mix veg was surprisingly free of oil and soy sauce, and looked almost steamed. It was so healthy and exactly what I was looking to balance out the other carb heavy stuff.\n\nThe bonus dish of deep fried items was soggy and not crispy as I would expect from deep fried take out, but it was free and a bonus item so who cares, it was a nice surprise that it was even added at all.  \n\nWill definitely come back here for dim sum again :)
Much love to Pasquale and Dion, not only was the food amazing!!  but its so nice to have that extra personal touch where your treated like family. \nSalute!!! To my now new favorite place! All I can say is...DELIZIOSO!!! Mangia!\nGRAZIE :)))\nDanielle~
Horrible restaurant. The Crab Arancelli was good. But the Chicken Parm was horrible, the Papardelle pasta wasn't fresh. And the pizza was ok.\n\nNot only was the food experience disappointing, but the service was horrible. We waited for 40 mins for our server to come back to us, while we remained not eating, to bring us a container and our bill.
Good food, but slow service last time I was in. I'd say the food was almost worth the wait. Staff is friendly, and gave me water while I was waiting, which was nice.
Portions keep getting smaller... menu keeps changing... go-to meals no longer on the menu... have to ask for bread... oil no longer on tables for dipping. I've been a loyal customer for over ten years and will never go back. Corporate changes will be the downfall of this restaurant/chain. \n\nTwo chicken breasts (Marsala entrée) are now the same size as one breast before portion sizes got smaller. By the way, the price didn't go down. Mozzarella marinara no longer on the menu!!! What?!?!? Replaced with a mozzarella/ricotta fried ball that is not very appetizing. \n\nYour changes have driven this loyal customer away.
I came here for a late Sunday dinner date and I remember coming here a long time ago but clearly I had memory loss because I didn't remember it being so good! The servers greeted us right away and were kind to tell us to watch out with our coats and the furnace. \n\nAtmosphere: typical Vietnamese restaurant. Typical environment. It was very clean, comfortable. It was pretty busy for an extremely cold Sunday night. Perfect for pho!\n\nFood: I heard their bun bo hue was delicious so I went with that. Usually it's spicy so I asked for less spicy and it was perfect! The broth was delicious. I wish they had the pigs blood with it but it was good nonetheless. My friend ordered pho and we shared an order of banh coun - pretty decent. $6.50 for a good amount to share with some sausage. \n\nService: pretty good. Fast paced environment. Can't complain!\n\nOverall I would definitely come back. I don't live that close but I am willing to trek to this location to have another bowl of bun bo hue
First of all it's a nice atmosphere and much closer to my house than the others so I was happy that they opened up in CH. I decided to take my father there for his birthday. Second, the service was terrible, my waitress came over maybe 4 times the whole meal. We started off with queso which came out pretty quickly and was good. By the time we got the second basket of chips, the queso had already cooled down because they were out of baskets for grad parties. I am not so sure our inattentive waitress would have brought us any regardless. She was too busy with the other tables. The tacos took almost an hour to come out and they were pretty good. My girlfriend got the bacon one and it had like one small strip of bacon on it and no cheese at all(which she circled) When the girl finally brought over the cheese, that taco was also no longer warm. Now let's get to the biggest farce. The "protein" upcharge. This place charges a dollar for beans or rice if you want them on your taco. Looking at the menu, you'd only think that meat was the extra charge so it was an awfully big surprise when my party racked up $15 extra for a spoonful of rice or beans. Every other place, this is a free addition. Overall, very disappointing visit to a place that is supposed to be a top tier place in Cleveland. Looking around at other reviews, it doesn't even look like their support team even addresses the issues with apologies and taking in feedback.
If you want a donut you want it from ducks donuts! Those big donut chanins should be ashamed to even offer the swill that they make each morning. Duck donuts even puts the local tampa donut shops that I frequent to shame. Each donut is freshly baked and warm to touch. Although it is an old fashioned cake donut base, it has a lightness to it like that of an airy fried donut. I had mine iced with peanut butter icing that had even a peanut butter lover like me throwing in the towel. The bacon topping is a perfect addition to the savory peanut butter and anyone who has ever combined bacon with peanut butter knows exactly what I'm talking about. Regretfully, I ate my donut extremely quickly and did not savor it nearly enough. When I return to Charlotte, I will definitely try a strawberry iced donut with coconut or one of their other bazillion flavor combinations.
The Mexicans here are very rude and will never get your order right.  I would ignore this place due to its lack of communication and poor customer service.  Good luck trying to get 15$ an hr for what you do.  Thumbs down!
Went last night for my birthday dinner with my fiance. The service was slow-going for a while as we were not seen for 10 minutes after being seated. I had to let the hostess know, and she told us the name of the fellow who was to be our server and that she would go get him. \nOddly it was not the person she had mentioned who ended up greeting us, but I'm thankful for that because we watched the other guy throughout his shift and he didn't seem incredibly knowledgeable or attentive. Our server was quick, friendly, and professional! (Ask for Raoul if you're there!)\n\nWe got the chips and salsa to start which was great. I didn't find the chips oily at all, and the salsa was delicious. Each of us got the burrito (his veggie, mine steak) and we loved them. They're massive though, and shareable if you don't feel like taking home a doggie-bag! I had to pack mine up.  \n\nMy margarita was also great.\n\nMy side of guacamole had an avocado pit in the ramekin, which took up quite a bit of it. I didn't want to make a fuss though but I found it extremely peculiar that they would miss that detail. The side of guac was $2.50 and was very small. \n\nThe churros weren't all that good, tough and chewy with melty whipped cream on them. I kind of couldn't believe that I preferred the churros at Tortilla Flats to these ones. \n\nWe sat on the back patio which is a great ambiance and is nice and enclosed. Definitely sit out here if you can! And make a reservation, they filled up quickly.  I would not recommend  this place for large groups. \n\nOverall a good experience with the food being the best part.
make reservations in advance.  we went on saturday at 9:30pm and it was packed.  it's a small but cool place to bring family and friends.  \n\nsome of us had the BURRITO DE MARISCOS with the catch of the day fish, which was tilapia.  others had the veggie version.  we all  LOVED it!  keep in mind that I haven't had any mexican food aside from taco bell and burrito boyz lol.  but still this place seems very authentic.  the portions were big, although i still had room for dessert, which hit the spot.  \n\nthe dessert we had was the Tres Leche cake, which we enjoyed..\n\nwe'll be returning again..
Hot bar had such good choices that we went two nights in a row!  Great pasta, chicken parm, lasagne and saussage rolls.  \n\nThe fresh pastry offerings were so good that we took a box to go.  Watch what might be stale in that area. Flavor was good just maybe a little hard.\n\nWe'll be back!!!
We missed the Indian restaurants in the San Francisco area and after the second time I saw this restaurant on Check Please we decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed. We were seated immediately (a good thing because there is a display of "bling" just as you enter and I have trouble resisting jewelry).  Everyone in our party liked the food and this was amazing since we brought two teenagers who only seem to eat pizza. The bread (naan) was terrific and was perfect to sop up the sauces that came with our meals. Chicken Korma has always been a favorite and is usually what I order as a comparison the first time I try a new Indian restaurant. It was plentiful and delicious with a sauce so good I wanted to lick the dish but decided to set a good example for the kids. Not sure if the males in our group liked the food or the belly dancer more but I heard no complaints about either. We'll be back.
First time at the new barrio in Cleveland Hts. Great staff and helpful service! Julia was amazing. I'll be back for sure.
Good Burger but on the pricy side for what you get. I work nearby and was hoping for a lunch deal but they aren't open for lunch. Pleasant staff and service was good but no lunch no return trips.
Do not recommend. Ordered a lamb burger medium well, got a burnt kobe burger. The cajun fries were std and the side caesar salad was average. Ate at the bar and staff was friendly but inattentive (never got offered water refill) and obviously took my order wrong cause the bill said kobe burger even though the bartender himself recommended the lamb burger.... Oh bother
I think panagios is a type of place you have to go knowing what to expect. This isn't a high end brunch joint like the places you'll find downtown. This filling food at a good price to fulfill your brunch needs. They have a lot of things on their menu but the classics seem to please everyone. \n\nPersonally I found the service to be fine really enjoyed meat lovers omelette had a high meat to egg ratio. Home fries were great. All of it was salted a little too much but nevertheless was very satisfied.
While this may look like any of the standard little Italian restaurants in strip malls, it's probably one of the best in the area! Most of the staff and owners are Sicilian, and over 80% of them speak with heavy Italian accents. The food and sauces are all extremely well prepared, with a number of surprises. And the desert counter, which are all freshly made here on premises, look and taste like an old world Italian pastry shop.\nAll the appetizers and entrées have surprising flavors and composition. The one not to miss is the calamari appetizer, which also has Italian tempura vegetables and shrimp in it. This is an entrée and itself. Also under the appetizer menu are the clams and mussels marinara. The sauce is spicy, but you can ask for the regular tomato sauce which is delicious.
I now have a crush on Tandoori Times. We went here for my birthday (didn't tell the staff) and it wasn't just really, really good food but great service and a belly dancer who comes on at 7:30 (at least, on Saturday nights). I particularly liked the cocktail I had--I think it was lasse with vodka and juice, normally I would have ordered an Indian beer but it *was* my birthday.\n\nFor appetizers, we had popadom and raita. For the meal, my BF chose tandoori chicken and I had a prawn curry. We shared rice and potato-stuffed naan. We were too stuffed for dessert but did enjoy the chai tea setup.\n\nThey have a happy hour everyday from 5 -7. I'll be back!
Had the chicken club wrap which was delicious. Service was top notch as usual - very attentive and anticipated my needs.
I bought the maple bacon and salted caramel with nuts.....they were SO. DANG'ON. GOOD. I'm not a donut eater but this place could definitely get my repeat business!!! Trust.....you MUST try them!!!!
Six of us came here for dinner the other night after seeing BlogTO's post about the cute new patio spot. Unfortunately, the lineup was out the door and so we did not get to sit on the patio (even after having made reservations prior). \n\nAppetizers were yum but small, so we wish we had ordered 2 of everything. We ordered the zucchini fritters, shrimp ceviche, and chorizo corn dog. Ceviche has quite the kick so those who are afraid of spice, beware.\n\nTacos were small and lacked flavour. We had ordered the spicy butterflied shrimp, pork shoulder, beer battered fish, and soft shell crab. To be honest, they all tasted the same - nothing made them unique or independently flavoured. We actually had to ask ourselves which one we ate after finishing. Also, not sure if we were just unlucky but the soft shell crab one was really fishy and smelled like the ocean.\n\nDesserts, we tried all 3. Churros sundae was probably my favourite of the night!! Other 2 were nothing to rave about. \n\nOverall I'm glad I tried this place but I'd say it's overrated. I find the menu to be way overpriced for the quality and quantity of food. For $5-$7 a taco, La Carnita is a way better taco joint. I probably will not return.
I had the pleasure of dining here for a luncheon through Chicagoans In The Desert.  I was very impressed!  As an Italian, I can be rather critical of any Italian food I am presented with, but I can say I enjoyed my meal very much.  I enjoyed their tortellini soup, shared some of my friends salad which was beyond generous in portion and had all the good stuff in it - fresh mozzarella balls, olives, artichokes, etc., and I opted to have the spaghetti and meatballs for my entree.  Let me just say....their meatballs are FANTASTIC!  I thought the gravy (yes I said GRAVY) could have had a little more "oomph", but oh em gee those meatballs!  They they provided us with platters of cookies on the table...not a single one disappointed!  The staff worked very hard to please all us women, and the place is clean and comfortable.  My biggest disappointment about my visit was I forgot my leftovers!\n\nI wouldn't hesitate to come back to this restaurant!
Same owners as shabu fondue in Scottsdale. Ramen was delicious & pork belly, service was fast & super friendly. Ambiance was perfect! Will be back for sure! Can't wait till September for the grand opening of the Korean BBQ next door. Fire belly grill house.
It is so unhealthy and gross! the chicken there isn't even real. YUCK!!!
So my family and I went to Brickhouse yesterday to celebrate my sisters birthday I've been there before and the food's been good this time on the other hand it was awful and so was the service it seem like we were not the only ones having a problem the manager was replacing people's food and apologizing everywhereour server was less than delightful she was nasty and rude she told me next time I ordered my food that I need to don't order it the right way okay so you tell me what restaurant you go to that puts a cold salad on a hot plate with hot food and doesn't bring your salad out before your meal I find out from the manager that your salad is supposed to be run out before the meal just as I thought and just up and just as I've hadit served before when I've been there I honestly tell you I will not go back there again my sister felt like her food was nasty and gross as well as mine everybody's food at the table either came out wrong or Burnt and we ordered at 2:30 in the afternoon and didn't receive our food until about an hour better later they were not that busy I promise that I am not going back there again and I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone you're better served by going across the McDonalds the food and service would be better would.
Favorite "chain" Chinese restaurant.  I have been to several locations and it never disappoints.  I usually get the stir fry bar , beef- all the veggies - sa cha sauce and noodles.... WOW add a little chili oil !! Sometimes I just do the sushi.. Amazing!!
Went on a Saturday with my son, the place was very busy, but we managed a table in less than 10 minutes. The food was great, fresh, tasty, but the for some reason the choices were few. We chose siu mai, pork and black beans, shrimp fried dumpling, cuddlefish, and had a plate of the pea pods, delish. Was waiting for har gao, and maybe shrimp rolls, but couldn't\nfind any until we were leaving. Still, a good experience.
Donuts made in front of you, covered in sauces and toppings. What more do you need to know. Go now.
If you're looking for a decently priced dim sum place in Chinatown, I'd recommend coming here. It's the type of old school dim sum restaurant you find in China. The old ladies roll around with cart of dim sum and you just order as you see them coming around. We came on a weekday for lunch and it wasn't too crowded. We were able to get a seat right away. Lots of variety of food and everything tasted fine. Great place for authentic Chinese food.
Sushi is acceptable. Nothing extraordinary, nothing bad either. Great place to grab a quick lunch but it does get busy during lunch hours. The restaurant is pretty small so if you want decent seats, go there outside of lunch hour! When we went, we ended up on the lower level underneath a stair case with low ceiling. It was an odd spot to dine.\n\nPrice wise, it's a little bit on the expensive side compared to other downtown Toronto sushi joints ($15-20/lunch). But they do make quite an effort to plate the food to make it look extra fancy. Taste wise, it's not better or worse than your average sushi place but hey, you get to take fancy shots for your instagram lol!
A little gem in Toronto! Was surprised the second I stepped in bc you can take your shoes off and wear slippers (apparently you can also keep your shoes on if it's summer). \n\nSomeone in an alcove was singing along to her guitar when we arrived. It was magical. \n\nWe were told that we could explore the space and make ourselves comfortable wherever we liked. The owner came by and spent quite a while telling us about how he prepared his Bam Bam Chai, his ice teas, how he got the idea for Bampot. \n\nThe curry we ordered was delicious. It tasted quite wholesome. I was surprised by how good the iced green tea was. It had a light lychee flavour (?) which made the tea perfect for summer.\n\nBampot also has a selection of boardgames which you can play at 1 boardgame for $3 (if you order a main). \n\nThe only downside here is the wait for food. It's definitely not the place to go to if you're in a rush. \n\nOverall, it has a really special ambiance. Would definitely recommend checking it out if you're into teas and relaxing spaces with a Bohemian vibe.
So disappointed with our experience at this location today. Came in to pick up lunch for takeout and waited 30 minutes from order time to walking out the door. They were busy and apologetic, and we were a little irritated but as a person who works in the restaurant business I understood. The inexcusable part same once we got home. We had ordered 2 subs and one of them had NO TURKEY! How does that happen after taking that long to make!! On top of that they didn't put the cookie or brownie included in the price of our combo in the bag. So frustrated, and still hungry.
This place is too expensive for poor service. The waiting times for food (a simple salad & bruschetta) was too long for no reason. Empty water glasses left us thirsty. At least you can make a reservation but the restaurant seemed too empty to even need one. This place is a no-go.
A really fun and cozy place. I love the decor and the mural in the back is awesome! It really does feel like an authentic Mexican experience. Our server was so kind and came by many times to check up on us, and see if we needed anything. The food is decently priced and you get a fair amount. The waiting time wasn't long at all. I ordered the vegan option, so the mushroom tacos. It was satiating and delicious. At first glace, I was underwhelmed with the portion I got, expecting more, but prior to finishing, I was definitely full! So all in all, this is a great place to come with friends for an affordable dinner with a lovely setting! Thank you, Chula!!
One of the best fish fry's in Madison. Great Wisconsin tavern that gives you the supper club feel. I love the atmosphere. The fish fry is fantastic. They have a variety of fish to choose from. I had the blue gill and was not disappointed!
Best donuts hands down, I goto the one Cary, NC all the time! Love the Bacon & Maple!
Love it. Nice and fresh, and the sushi pizza is delicious. And I have to appreciate that they make California rolls without avocado for my too-fussy kids!
I'm not quite sure why ANYONE would go here when Smoke/Craft Burger is right around the corner and GBK is a couple blocks away
Wonderful service, great food, reasonable prices... You're missing out of you don't try it.
While this place isn't known to have any MIND-blowing dishes/entrees, I must say that their food is consistently tasty.  Everything that I've tried gets a B grade from me.  However, if you're a Pho snob, I would suggest you go to Tien Thanh on Ossington Street....and you can thank me later!
The place looks nice looking but is so dead.. The food is good. The service is bordering at terrible. I have been here multiple times because its so close to where I live and coz there is noone here, its a perfect place for my bf and I to catch up. But man... is their service crappy. You will have to practically dance on the table to get the waitress's attention, which is weird coz there is noone else there! \n\nThis one time, I used a groupon there and they practically lie to your face about how they cant accept groupons unless printed out. We argued for a good ten minutes after which, I was frustrated and wanted to talk to their manager. Suddenly, all was well. They had no problem accepting my groupon. This is specially weird, coz you would think for a customer that visits often, they wouldnt try to play such dirty games. \n\nNO GOOD!
First time here. Went with my family for lunch. We all had the Montreal Smoked meat. The sandwich was good and really enjoyed the fries. They get bonus points for having malt vinegar. Overall the service was very friendly. I would give another try.
The prices are too high for the area.  Service was lukewarm at the bar - there were some younger folks sitting on the other end and they got more attention. But worst was the slider appetizer we ordered.  All three patties were very tough with grizzle.  We would have said something but no one came back to check on us.
Really enjoy the atmosphere, food and service! They make a wonderful tiramisu and lots of other desserts. Every dish from appetizers to entrees were great. Ate here several times. Try the special seafood pasta, calamari and salads. All great, they never dissapoint. Can't wait to go back!
The constant pho wars debate rages on. This place has taken up a spot near the top of my list. \n\nI love the noodles here. Really seem to have a leg up on most other places.\nBanh cuon is also tasty and pairs well. Service and price on point. \n\nI'm coming here if I pass by.
Delicious!!! The energy from the staff was loving and warm, the food was immaculate and it was busy! A very good sign. We had reservations on a Saturday night, they do a great business at being attentive. The seafood I had was very fresh, along with the tasty antipasti! DEFINITELY make your way into here. Oh! And they're very clean hehe! Caio! Gratzi!
I love these donuts! They are not too big and so tasty! I've tried a lot of donuts but this place is one of my favorites! Although I've tried many different flavors, I'd have to say the good old powdered donut is still my fav flavor =)
Absolutely love this place for their Friday fish fry. Have had their Walleye, Perch, Cod,and Blue Gill and all were wonderful. I like to take people with me so we can all order something different and share the fish. \n\nThe place is small and busy. People are very nice and even though everyone might be in line for more than an hour, the wait is very tolerable.  Ice cold beer and Bloody Mary's mixed with loud, happy conversation actually makes it fun.\n\nBottom line - my husband has dialysis every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday evenings. We try at least once a month to get his Friday switched to Saturday, simply for this fish fry.
It was my first time eating this food im on a mission to try new foods from around the world that i wont be able to try in there native country i enjoyed it but cant be a judge if it was good or not till i try it again may be from another restaurant . Thank for the water and courteous service and the help with your menu.
This was my first time at the restaurant. I Ordered the spaghetti and meat sauce with meatballs and it was to die for!! All of the staff was super friendly and very attentive. If you're looking for authentic Italian I recommend this place to the fullest !! It's a hidden gem in Cuyahoga Falls, off 6th street!!
Where do I begin to describe the experience of Hotel Hell? We used this hotel as accomodations for out of town guests for my son and daughter in law's wedding. There were a multitude of problems with the reservation system. They didn't have rooms (when a groomsman booked on a travel website he was able to find a room). They didn't allow rooms booked past a given date when, in fact, my DinL had it in writing that guests could book up until the date of the wedding. When the bride and her bridesmaids went to check in on Friday night, they had no rooms, as apparently a Kardashian entourage was given an entire floor including the bridal suite promised to my son and DinL. To make matters worse, father of the bride waited over an hour for lunch that the server FORGOT to put the order in for, making him late for the wedding rehearsal and they were not even comped! It gets worse....the happy couple's credit card was TRIPLE charged for their room, which was not even the one promised. The bride stormed down to the desk in tears with her hair done/veil on to complain. They then had no money to start their honeymoon. NOT how one's wedding day is supposed to be. There were multiple wedding parties in this hotel this weekend, I saw at least 4 brides and I can only hope they were not treated as shabbily as we were.
Huge buffet... So many choices... Great variety of sea food ....beautiful interior ... Friendly staff
These donuts were by far the best I have ever tasted. They have ruined all other donuts for me! You customize your donut, and they have various options for toppings. The service was really fast and friendly. Their iced coffee was also delicious.
I was seriously impressed with the portion sizes vs. price at this restaurant. Every other bento box I have ordered has come with one selection per square in the box. At Red Bowl one of my selections was a house salad and instead of putting a small portion in with the rest of the bento box they brought me a large salad as a starter on a separate plate. The house dressing was delicious with the ginger being a little more subtle than usual.\n\nThe bento box itself had a full sushi roll and didn't skimp on the hibachi steak or vegetables. The fried rice that came with it was also full of vegetables and wasn't greasy. The hot tea I ordered came with two teabags in a large pot which meant I never had to ask our waitress for a refill. \n\nAll said the bento box was just under $13 and I left full and happy with the quality of the meal. We will definitely return!
Amazing! This is true Indian cuisine! The naan was fresh and was incredible. Crispy on the edges, soft in the middle. The curries were all delectable. I personally thought the butter chicken was the best (but it's my fave food) and was perfect on the spice level. The mango drinks were also perfect. Creamy and smooth and very light. It was the perfect addition to our meal. The tika masala was also very well prepared and was very creamy in texture. The chicken kormas were also good. Everything was warm and very good sized portions. The staff and service were great! Waters were constantly filled and overall very impressed with this restaurant. Since it was a Saturday the belly dancer was there! Super cool and will be back!
Smaller than expected it to be. Not really wowed. There was a bar, which is a plus. But for a Saturday night.. The bar was completely understaffed. This is probably the longest I had to wait for a drink. Which made me a little irritated. Pricing was not bad compared to other places on the strip. Decor is very nice... But they need to staff accordingly!!!!! Not as many games as the previous GAMEWORKS in Vegas. The bathrooms were a little dirty as well. I would come back to see if this would change.
Chula is such a great addition to the east end! My husband and I came here for an early dinner, however it was so early that the place was dead, so we ended up getting the food to go. We'd definitely eat-in next time though, as the restaurant decor is awesome. \n\nWe got the Perro de Maiz (Chorizo Corn dogs), the Carnita taco, the Cangrejo de Concha Blanda taco (Soft shell crab), the Seta Picante taco (Grilled spicy mushroom), and the Cola de Langosta taco (Whole rock lobster tail). The food surpassed my expectations! The soft shell crab seemed to be a bit over-breaded, and that is probably the only one I wouldn't get again. My favourites were the Chorizo Corn dogs and the Lobster taco. \n\nEven though we only got take out, everyone working there was super nice and friendly when we were waiting for our food at the bar. \n\nI can't wait to come back!
Food was excellent and well presented. I had a wrap which was very good. My husband had the burger. It was huge. My son had the Monte Cristo breakfast sandwich. It looked very good.  The prices were also reasonable.
The place is old, not very clean &  I have had better food off a coffee truck! Never ever will we go back!
All (in fact everything) fresh made to order hot donughts.. .. How many of you had a donughts that's warm and melts right on your tongue. Best in Charlotte
Good food and great service. Happy hour prices are half off drinks and appetizers. Not a bad place. Nothing fancy but good.
This is one of those places where you could really love it or really hate it. I wasn't a fan of this place as I wasn't feeling the vibe of it. I pictured a games room, but it's more of a lounging tea room (albeit, there are tons of games you could actually play here). Oh and you have to leave your shoes by the door. If you're into teas and zen like places, this is definitely the place for you. If you're anything like me, and are just looking for a snakes and lattes kind of atmosphere to play games in, don't come here.
This is by far the best pizza place in Squirrel Hill and maybe in Pittsburgh! My wife and I used to order from Mineos, which is also excellent, but decided to switch it up the one night. We were so glad we did! The pizza and cheese fries are amazing and we love that they use the smaller pepperonis on their pizza. They're always prompt when they deliver and we have never been disappointed with the food or service!
Enjoy Carrabbas very much. Excellent Sangria (Blackberry a favorite) We have had nearly 100% superb waitstaff, friendly and accomodating. It can get confusing because as the food is ready, other waitstaff may bring to the table...so you often see multiple people in a short time. Love the lasagna, very generous portions, And the House salad is always fresh and the Parmesan dressing wonderful. Chicken Bryan, Lobster MacNCheese, and a seasonal pork medallions with a fig sauce all excellent.\nWish they had  Apple Crostada year round---kind of like a free form apple pie but so much more...And please keep the mini desserts on the menu year round. they are perfect size!
I love this place - great atmosphere, amazing food and always fresh! It's even busy on a Tuesday night :)
Would strongly recommend Jae! He's a very good waiter and made a potentially negative experience very positive. He saw that my boyfriend and I were stuck in the back of the restaurant next to a loud table and he moved us into a quieter table. He was also more than willing to answer any of my questions regarding my peanut/shell fish allergies. I will definitely be back again!
Tonight I decided to order our dinner and have it delivered. I used the GrubHub app for delivery. Lasagna , Meatballs and a Fettuccine pasta with cherry tomatoes and olive oil. Very easy process to order thru the app. Food arrived as promised on time. The problems as I see them are this. Carry out package is simple foil tins with paper tops. Really not designed to keep food warm and leak free. The Grubhub folks use the standard insulated bags for transport. The time to get to my house from the restaurant is literally 15 minutes tops. Well the food had to be reheated and the lasagna leaked thru the top lid. So many new modern to- go type containers are available that are microwave friendly. I recommend that they use this type. Sure they cost a bit more but add on the price for carry out. They already do. The food my guess wasnt that hot when the delivery guy showed up to get the order. Quality was average. I prefer Buon Gusto or Bootlegger. Just saying
Craving Vietnamese on a budget? This is the place, and so fresh! I ate here twice in two days while staying in Toronto. if you're not big on red meat try the cold vermicelli with lemongrass chicken- it filled me up, healthy, and a cool meal for a hot day.
One of my favourite breakfast spots in the area. It may not be 24/7 like it's competition, but it makes up for it with higher quality food at the same price. \n\nI've probably been here around 6 times in the past couple years and it's been great every time. I always get their standard breakfast with scrambled eggs and sausage. The food here is just so much better than nearby spots like Markham Station or Honey B. \n\nRecently it hasn't been as amazing as it was before but it's still going strong! 4.5/5
I have to admit.. I'm a huge critic on servers reason being because I serve tables and train them also.. ebony blew me away with her outgoing and friendly personality when I asked her about things on the menu . She made my kids laugh and when I asked for something with no hesitation she was on it. This is the type of sever we need in vegas.. the ones that make you feel welcome to be there. I will most definitely be back.. thank you so much ebony..
Absolutely the best Japanese restaurant ever visited, from San Francisco to Phoenix, and in between.     Super selection from all the Sushi, teriyaki , etc, but the best is all the unique and extensive speciality rolls.   My favorite is the "Bayou Gumbo Roll".  Semi-spicy with some very special items such as crawfish.  We found them from a review in the ARIZONA REPUBLIC NEWSPAPER, food review section.   They were given a very excellent review, and I know agree there were correct.  We have been several times and the food never changes.   It is interesting that the name on their card doesn't have the word "Koi" in the name, but it's the correct address.
We went here for the first time tonight. There were not many people there and it did not appear busy. Service was poor we waited for 15 minutes with our menus and no one bothered to see if we were ready to order. There was a waitress standing around too. We left and took our business else where.
The arcade in Gameworks has a lot of variety it seems like a very fun atmosphere you get good credits and enough to play almost every game once for $20 so this I really enjoy.\nAs for Gameworks food... They have horrible service. I ordered three separate items and out of the three separate items I received only two then on top of all of that they didn't give me any napkins,ketchup or any other condiments the table was completely blank I didn't get my napkins until I was halfway through my food and the waitress saw that my hands were greasy. Overall Gameworks is a good arcade place but I as for the food service They should really pay a lot of attention to it.if Gameworks wants to compete with Dave and busters they they are very low on that totem pole they need a lot of work.
Wow. Great little restaurant run by, of all people, Italians! We went for my wife's birthday. My wife and son had the arinchini. There were two big ones in a very mild and delicious marinara sauce. I had the tortellini soup. I was stunned when they brought it out because it looked more like an entree. It was huge and again, very good. She had the veal parm and the boys had the chicken parm. Again, just outstanding. We haven't had good southern Italian comfort food like this since we left Boston 17 years ago. This is now our go to Italian restaurant. Oh, and the service if warm, friendly, and Italian. Buon gusto!
Great variety of food and the restaurant is beautiful.  Lots of seating and good service. A++
Divine Cafe is the restaurant for those at the Springs Preserve in need of some food and beverage. It's pretty casual--you order at the counter, take a number, and wait for your meal to arrive at your table.\n\nThe menu was decent--a good mix of soups, sandwiches, pizza, etc. There is also a weekend brunch menu. My Mimi ordered the burger with fries and I the portobello burger with sweet potato tots. They were tasty and filling, especially since we were hungry from traipsing around the gardens and the Origen Museum, but nothing to gush over. \n\nThe space itself is very large and open. A major plus is that there is a balcony that overlooks the Preserve, so you receive an excellent view of both Downtown and the Strip. It was too chilly to sit out on the balcony, but the large windows sufficed. I did walk out to the balcony later to snap some pics, and yep, it's a great view.\n\nOverall, it's average food, but fortunately, not terribly expensive. I paid $25 (including tip) for both of our meals, which is not bad and fairly average with spending in Vegas anyway.
If you are looking for something new and different to do, you have to come here!! They have all types of arcade games for reasonable prices. \n\nUpon entering, you load a Gameworks card which will cost you a one time $2 fee. Then, you can add points into the card. The deal I purchased was 120 points for $22. \n\nOn Tuesdays they have double ticket earnings which is a great deal! I enjoyed playing everything from ski ball to Mario kart to pinball and basketball. They offer so many classic arcade games for few points. Ski ball was only 2 points per turn so you can imagine how far your $22 go. Plus, you received so many tickets for playing that the prizes to choose from at the end were not just limited to candy.
I came here to meet a friend, and wasn't that hungry to begin with, but coming in here, the aroma overpowered my senses to order. I was impressed right at the strat with the spring rolls. They weren't big in size, but they were definately tasty. And also ended up ordering a bowl of pho not even being hungry. This place is good, and is busy on just a regular weekday lunch.\n\nI wasn't too impressed with the iced Vietnamese Coffee here, but maybe that is just me.
To the reviewer here who wrote: "...I think they should set aside a few tables, at least, to accommodate those who didn't make reservations...", they only have a few tables!\nGo back to California and make a reservation at your chain restaurant.\nThis was my first experience here and very positive, regardless of the rain and the fact that we had to move inside. We were 6 for lunch and the service was friendly. It's a small place so expect the coziness and loudness. Food is very good and the potent Margarita's are quite delish! Will definitely be back for dinner.
I felt too nostalgic here to give this place one star. I used to come here in the mid 90's as an undergrad. Cut to 20 years later, and this is one of the few staples still left from that era.\n\nThat it has lasted this long is a testament to the simplicity of the business model and loyalty of its following. But coming here so many years later, and without the influence of alcohol to impair my judgement, I have no idea how this place has survived.\n\nThe gyros are good, not great, and the tzatziki sauce is below average. We were here in the mid-afternoon, so it wasn't like we had a sitting batch. The prices were decent, if not a little on the high side for a greasy spoon.\n\nThe most disappointing was the chicken fingers, or what they called "chicken fingers". More apropos would be chicken cake (think McDonald's hash brown shape, but chicken), sliced into 6 pieces. It was shockingly small and if I was smart I would've taken a picture and returned it, but the kids were hungry.\n\nThe best part of this place is the history that is catalogued on the walls in the form of painted murals, photos, and memorabilia of years gone by. I also thought the fries were pretty good and the staff were kind and friendly.\n\nOrder a gyro if you're craving one, but there's plenty of better food values and quality down the street.
I'm not big on either chinese or buffets, but this place isn't bad at all. Very clean and lots of good people.
So happy with my first visit...went back and brought some folks.   Not the same from either a food or service perspective.\n\nHope they get it together.  we have lots of Italian in this neighborhood and average isn't going to cut it.
Came here for dinner with my friends and had a blast.The restaurant is small and has a cute outdoor seating area. The food was delicious, fresh and love the selection of hot sauces they had for me. \n\nWe started off with the guac and chips. Guac was great. And we also ordered the bucket of shrimp. That was Delicious!!!!! The shrimps had so much flavor!!! I had the lobster tacos for entree. That was delicious as well. It was bursting with flavor, with a hint of spice, the cheese, tomatoes and guac on the side. Oh man! My friend had the carne asada. The steak was cooked perfectly. Tender and juicy and of course with the sauce on top it was bursting with flavor and a bit spicy. My other friend had the burrito and my husband had the short rib tacos. Alll were super delicious. \n\nThe service we received were great. Our waitress was very personable and friendly and her recommendations were great. \n\nI would definitely love to come back here the next time I come to Toronto again.
If zero stars was an option...\nA few comments from my first (and last) visit to your restaurant: My girlfriend and I stopped on 05/12 around 4:20 pm for what we thought was going to be happy hour and dinner. We walked into an empty location, but it was early so no big deal being the only people there. We were seated in the dining room (where I wiped crumbs and food off the booth before I sat down... server didn't notice or care) and I asked the server if they had a happy hour menu. She said "happy hour specials are only available at the bar and if you sit outside". Kind of a surprise, but I get the idea. She then asked "do you want to hear the happy hour specials" and my response was "well since we aren't sitting outside what is the point?" She didn't seem to get the joke, and told us the specials anyway. Those included some deals on draft beer, wine, and food, but then she said there wasn't any tap beer tonight so it would be bottles on special. We looked around at a completely empty dining room and commented that it seemed odd to be so rigid on a happy hour (that ended at 5 according to your site) when there wasn't a single other person inside or outside. We didn't come in for cheap drinks, and we actually joked on the drive over that it was so close to the end of happy hour that we were prepared to pay full price anyway. The whole attitude of the place didn't communicate that we were appreciated as customers, the server and the other 2 staff seemed to be prepping or something else, so we opted to leave. Reading the reviews on various online blogs and the media articles, we expected much better. The food may be great, but the service and ridiculous "happy hour rules" will keep me from coming back to find out. I can only imagine what the response would have been if I had ordered something and asked for a substitution. We actually went to another option down the road and were thrilled with the experience. Having been in the hospitality industry in an executive position, I realize that things happen. I am simply writing to tell the owner of my experience, and what my observations were. In a competitive world where there are at least 30 other food options within half a mile of yours, the rigid rules, the poor service added to a dirty restaurant adds up in the customer's buying decision... it certainly did factor in mine tonight. My $50 plus dollars spent at a competitor seemed more appreciated by them than at your place.
Every time I'm in the area, I eat here! This is the place for lunch dates with friends, lunch after church on Sundays, and in the years it's been here, the place we went before prom, and the place my husband and I came for many a date while courting in college. :) It makes me happy...\n\nI don't really like Chinese food, haha, so I can't really judge the entrees for you. But despite all the food I have tried across several states, the are no egg rolls and accompanying sauces or ginger dressing for the salads to compare!!! The sushi is pretty good (not the best I've had, but more towards the top of the list than the bottom).  My husband longs for the orange chicken and General Tso chicken while we're out of state.  I usually order curry, the Mongolian-style stir-fry, or a bento box and I've never been disappointed. YUM!
I'm giving this place 4 stars for a number of reasons.  The second time I checked in here this year, there was a young gentleman who was New and in training.  His attention to detail was the best I've seen.  He was conscientious.  Better yet, he was genuine.  Nothing rubs me wrong like a phony maitre d', hostess, clerk or server.  This fellow was phenomenal.\n\nThe rooms were clean.  The housecleaning staff is severely understaffed, especially on the weekends.  But, when they finally come around they do a thorough cleaning.  I have my ways of testing to measure this.  \n\nI was most appreciative of the staff they had working the Club Lounge.  I don't know why, but invariably all the executive lounges for Hilton, Sheraton and the like, are manned by a fascist disagreeable woman who hovers over you and comes behind you and generally makes you feel as if you don't belong.  Having had worked in the service industry throughout high school and my undergrad years, I know how to give proper service.  I'm also overly empathetic and spend more time cleaning up after myself than I should.  But truth be told, I should not be made to feel aware of the help.  I shouldn't be made hyper aware of myself either.  Suffice it to say that I was able to come here and relax and leave happy.\n\nFinally, there is the deck.  There's some other areas outside the indoor pool that I was making a mental note of to come and have a cigar at after dinner.  But, I ended up on the deck.  It's sheltered, yet outdoors.  There's plenty of seating, fire pits and even music and lighting.  This was the spot in the evening.
Tandoori Times has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants. Until about 6 months ago I had never even tried Indian food now I'm here every Wednesday if not 2x a week. I can not get enough of the methi chicken and Lamb korma (Wednesday lunch specials) along with the great service and friendly staff it is an awesome place.
First time here with the family, per suggestion of my father in law. Love the set up, open seating, order at the counter & have the food delivered to the table. Simple and basic selections, easy to read menu.\n\nI ordered the fish taco meal which came w/ 3 fish tacos folded in corn tortillas, topped with cabbage, a creamy sauce & cotija cheese. Very filling, but I think my mistake was I didn't get a side with it? They also provide drip coffee, hot tea, iced teas, & fusion water with the usual Coke soda fountain. Can't wait to eat her when it gets a little warmer w/ baby!
I'm so excited to have a noodle place open up within walking distance of my apartment. I've only had take-out so far but the restaurant is clean, the service is super friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.\n\nThe broth they make for the pho is so delicious and flavorful, I sip it on its own when no one is looking. The beef is very tender and soft, and the noodles are perfect. I've also tried their avocado smoothie and while it could have been blended better (had a couple chunks stick in my straw) it had great flavor and was not too sweet.\n\nMy roommate and I love walking to local restaurants and this is definitely one we will be coming back to.
Seems like a family owned restruant, very nice and friendly owner. The fried calamari was amazing, pho was good too. Had the pho with rare beef and beef frank, it would be nice if it had beef tendons too. But overall nice small restruant with a nice environment.\n\nThis is hands down the best Pho in Newmarket! The soup is just AMAZING!
Super cute patio, amazing tacos and strong margaritas! Will definitely return. \n\nThe only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the guacamole and ceviche were on the mediocre side, and we felt a little rushed since we came near closing time.
I love Pizza Hut. Like any other major food chain, its hard to get a consistent product. This pizza hut is about 70% on its game. They forgot the cheese on my pasta! That was lame. And it depends whos cooking... They skimp on the cheese a lot...
The pho is delicious i had to sip all my soup. The taro drink is perfectly sweet. The service can improve. We can easily tell this is a family own business and the 2 young servers still have alot of experience to gain. \n\nService and communication is key.\n\nWe ran out of water and never got refills or asked if everything was okay but notice other customers were getting better service. \n\nI'll give them another go. Hope its better this time
The food we got was mostly mediocre too.\nI thought the price was kinda high for the quality we got.\nHappy hour is until 6pm and then craft beer prices sore!
It's shrimp app is probably one of the best I have ever had. All the rest that we tried were simply average. Nice decor and awesome staff though.
Duck Donuts is simplicity to the fullest. Only serving a cake dough with very limited toppings . I feel what makes these donuts attractive is they are pretty much hot each time you order so no waiting for that "hot now sign" . I'm not a huge fan of the instantly fried cake donut, it wasn't bad, just a little crunchy on the outside. The icing and toppings are coated on by hand after they are dropped off the belt for each order which was cool, I just wish there was an assortment of dough and toppings. \n\nMy reason for giving duck donuts three stars is because there aren't many options, but like I said earlier it is a good spot if you love vanilla cake donuts .\n\nSo , if I have someone ask where can I get a yummy cake donut ... Exit stage right to duck donuts , that's all folks .
The speed of delivery of my food order was terrible.  It took 10 minutes from the time of my order.  My order was two salads and Quarter Pounder combo and there was no waiting line inside.  The store manager was the real problem.  He was checking his Iphone constantly, distracting employees and flirting with a female employee about 20 years younger.  He had no sense of urgency whatsoever for my order or anyone else.  \n\nI worked at McDonald's during high school and college to pay for my tuition.  I believe in McDonald's as a great institution.  This was very disappointing.\n\nAvoid the night shift time...
We were told these are the best donuts ever, so I had to try them out. Wow! They're amazing! You watch them being made right there, and icing and toppings put on in front of you! You HAVE to eat at least one right away! Warm and soft, I've never had one like it! These are wow good! My favorite is peanut butter with chocolate drizzle! \nAlso, the girl who took the order was very nice and patient! I look forward to going again
Playa Cabana has brought to Toronto some much needed delicious Mexican food. My dinner dates and I started off by sharing the salsa, guacamole and chips. The guacamole and salsa were perfectly delicious - the right amount of sweet and spicy, and the guacamole was a bit chunky and fresh - just the way I like it! The tortilla chips were a bit oily but still delicious and worth the grease - at least I could tell they were made fresh!\n\nNext up we had the Mexican street corn. This was my first time trying MSC and oh my goodness, was it delicious!! And they somehow make it so that you don't get all messy while eating this finger food. I'll definitely be back for more corn!\n\nI then ordered the vegetarian enchiladas which were divine. The enchiladas have both regular salsa and salsa verde, giving you the best of both worlds. The corn tortillas were fragrant and flavourful and the mushrooms inside the enchiladas were so succulent and perfect. This meal was amazing and a large portion too!\n\nWe ended it off with the cake (I can't remember the name). I seriously cannot believe I had room for a few bites after all the food I ate but boy am I happy I was able to enjoy a couple bites of this moist, deliciously rich cake.\n\nOverall, our service was wonderful and the vibe of the restaurant was great!\n\nI can't wait to return to Playa Cabana!
A totally enjoyable meal. We started with the gauc and chips. Yum. For my main I had the chorizo burrito with pinto beans. It was delicious and the serving was large enough that I have leftovers for tomorrow's dinner. Our server was attentive and pleasant and our food came out promptly. As we were leaving, four separate employees thanked us for coming. iI would come back!
Lip stick on my water glass, waited for 30 minutes for a spare ribs so I cancelled it. The worst service ever.
Excellent!!!!  The bread knots with the olive oil are addictive!   My Wife had the Chicken Picatta.  The sauce was perfect and definitely made from scratch...not over powering and/or thick like most places we have been.   I had the baked penne...again, perfect!  The sauce was a great bolognese and the pasta was perfect al dente!   The service was absolute tops and were treated like family.  We would highly recommend!!
I am absolutely in love with Barrio!!! I held off on going there for months until coworkers told me I had to go. Since then, I have been several times and have enjoyed both. The prices are affordable and the dips and salsas are AMAZING!
In the top 3 of the worst Chinese food I have ever had.  Not sure how this place received more than one star.\n\nI got chicken cashew, which was not even edible. Not sure what kind of chicken they use, but it neither looked nor tasted like chicken.  The five cashews were ok, I guess.  And the brown rice was very poorly cooked.  Yes how does a Chinese restaurant mess up rice?  It looked like white rice that was colored in soy sauce or something similar.\n\nAbsolutely gross is the only way to describe it.
Beautiful interior.  Really beautiful.  My kids were fascinated by the cork carvings within the glass dividers, and the statues at the entrance.  There was a fair selection, but my favorite was the hibachi.  I am not a big fan of buffets at all, but to me the hibachi makes all the difference.  You get the benefit of selecting exactly what you want, and also don't have your food sitting around in a steam tray.  They did seem to be regularly refilled, though, so I don't think that they were sitting around TOO long.  I'd return.
I was jonesing for some Indian food on my last trip to Toronto.  I know there is a high concentrating of Indian people in Toronto/Southern Ontario, and all that was needed was to follow my nose to their outrageously scented but delicious cuisine.  A food court wasn't the idea I had when I pictured stuffing my face with Indian food, but what a food court they have in the Eaton Center!\n\nI had some kind of a spicy chicken curry with chick peas and yellow rice.  It was all very good, but the garlic butter naan was the best part.  You need to buy the naan bread separate, but you won't be disappointed if you do.\n\nSpending the rest of the day smelling like a bag of boiled onions and cumin was the collateral damage, but still worth it.
So we went here based on good yelp scores on the old name that it was under. Then when I went to review I found they have another listing! I wonder how many names it has been through. Conspiracy theory says restaurants do this to evade taxes. Not sure, does not bother me. I was hoping for dim sum with cart service, which I have never had, but this did not happen. We came at dinner time, around 5 pm. After finding the restaurant (go up two flights of stairs from random opening, but well marked with signs) we were ready to eat and the retaurant, which has a HUGE dining room, was deserted!!!! There were staff inside, watching tv, and we asked " are you open?" and they immediately sprang into action, seated us, brought tea and water, and bout us menus. Unfortunately there was no cart running due to lack of clientele, but we were able to order finger foods off the dim sum menu.  We ordered 6 items to split, some small, some medium and large. They were out of the egg cake, which I think was highly reccomended on some reviews. The pork bun was perfect. Everything I ever wanted from a dumpling. Everything was freshly made for us and bought out 1-2 items at a time. I noticed large group tables with a lazy suzan that look perfect for sharing lots of delicious foods. Even though we did not get cart service, we enjoyed ourselves and had yummy dim sum!
Came on on Tuesday (non holiday weekday) around lunch time for lunch. Surprisingly, the place was packed, although with middle aged to elderly Cantonese speaking patrons. We had no trouble in getting a table for 2 at this time. I speak Cantonese fluently but found that the cart pushers thought I spoke English only. About half of the pushers ignored anyone they thought did not speak Cantonese. I watched a non-profit Chinese couple order 1 item but then leave soon after because they could not get food to eat. We waited 45 minutes for chicken feet but none came out. Many times, we had to walk up to the very top get what we wanted because the cart was empty by the time it reached us. This place is good if you look and speak Chinese. I would say visit at your own risk if you don't look Chinese.
We came in for lunch and we were the only people in the entire place. It still took about 15 minutes for someone to come to our table and when they did, they didn't ask for our drink order. \n\nOnce we ordered our foods and drinks we waited about 40 minutes (only people still in the restaurant) for our food to come out. We were starving so decided to order another roll. They forgot to put it in so it was about another 35 minute wait. We decided to take it to go. \n\nGetting the bill was a whole different story. The guy couldn't remember where he put the order and charged us for three more expensive rolls then the ones we purchase. I get if he was maybe training but someone should have been with him then or maybe it was an "off day" either way, the whole thing was a mess and very unorganized. \n\nI'm only giving it two stars because we ordered out one time and the order was ready when we arrived (15 mins) but even that is way more expensive then what you are getting. I got one roll and one traditional roll for $28 dollars. Crazy because it was poorly made and not fresh tasting. So disappointing.
It was ok. Not mind blowing donuts but good. The maple bacon was awesome though. Would I go again sure, would I make a special trip .....nah.
Food was alright, I ordered online and when I went to pick up they were too busy for their own good. Found out that one dish I ordered didn't come with rice and they said it would be another 20 min wait to add it plus an extra charge. Also if you want to upgrade your naan to garlic it's $2.00 extra. If you want over priced skimpy portions with ok flavor, then this is your place.
This location has probably been the most unsuccessful locations for any restaurants. It has change so many times I probably haven't been to half of what it were. But now that it's a HK style cafe, and seems to have quite the business, I thought I would give it a try. \n\nTo be honest it is pretty average for a HK style cafe. Very typical food offered but they do have things that are really random. They offer the typical HK style breakfasts like macaroni, toast, instant noodles, etc. They also have congee and rice dishes, even poutine! (Some of the cheese curds were kinda rubbery but it's not bad) \n\nPrice-wise it was decent, nothing out of the ordinary pricing for these kinds of food. They have a lot of space and a lot of staff so there always a seat and quick service. There is also free newspaper for customers to take home!
Not sure why all the bad reviews, but I have never had any issues with this KFC. My husband and I have ordered from here multiple times over the past few months and it's always a good experience. Food is cooked properly, order is always correct, friendly staff, and the wait isn't bad. I think this is a good KFC, and we will continue to go here!
This review is long overdue! We had our 170 guest wedding reception here, following our ceremony which was at Springs Preserve. I cannot say enough about our wonderful Catering Coordinator, Cindy Yang. She was absolutely a dream to work with. Out of all the vendors I worked with, she was the ONLY one who was seamless all the way through. She responded ultra fast to all of my husbands dozens and dozens of emails. She arranged the most lovely tasting for us before the wedding and met with us numerous times at our request, always pleasant and smiling. After each time that we met up with her, we would stay and have lunch afterward. Every meal we ate at the cafe was soooooo yummy, making me feel very confident that the same level of detail would translate to our reception dinner.  \n\nMy whole life I have attended weddings with crappy food. Now, I totally get why people most likely skimp costs on food, being that I spent an arm and a leg on my own wedding meals...but one of the things I swore I would never do was have bad food at my wedding!!! It was high priority to me. \n\nWe ended up kicking off with a cocktail hour, including open bar and a fruit and cheese display outside on the balcony. I was not present for this (taking photos) but I heard it was wonderful!! The dinner for our guests started with Caesar salad, followed by a plated dinner with a double meat entree of steak and turkey (I LOVE turkey, hate chicken!) with garlic whipped potatoes and asparagus. Our vegetarians were delighted with the chef's creation of a light, fresh orzo pasta in place of the meat (it was DELISH!!!!!) I have to say... our food was DIVINE!  EVERYONE complimented us on how delicious our food was and how it was the best wedding food they had ever had! This pleased me beyond measure! Also, knowing that my guests weren't leaving and hitting up In and Out Burger after they left our wedding made me feel that it was all worth it! \n\nDiving Cafe had such a professional staff, and the head chef overseeing our dinner executed a perfect dinner. The cafe has such a spectacular view of the entire strip from the balcony and the the venue itself is so lovely. It fit perfectly with our "desert" themed wedding. \n\nOther things to note, they supplied the table linen and tableware. BONUS! \n\nThanks for everything DIVINE CAFE! You were the shining star of my wedding!
Yes, yes, yes. \n\nI came here on a Friday night with reservations for two (Tip: make reservations! I tried to come once before this without one and the wait was insane). It has a casual, relaxing and fun vibe to it. The washed-out wooden accents give the place that beach house feel that the restaurant is named after. We had the best seat right at the front of the restaurant with open windows looking out to the street. Awesome.\n\nThey really do appreciate food presentation here. Near the back half of the restaurant they had all the seafood sitting on ice! Lobster, crab, oysters. This ice tray of deliciousness was positioned near the guy that likely prepares it and some other dishes. It made me want to order the seafood, so good on them.\n\nI ordered a margarita made with Tromba tequila. Very tasty. It was the perfect balance of sweet, sour and tequila. And you could actually taste the tequila. \n\nWe shared the guac and chips. Their chips are so good! Fresh and crunchy like they should be. For my main I ordered the Tacos de Pescado (Baja style). Also excellent. If you're getting an appetizer to share I would recommend getting these tacos without the beans and rice. They were very filling on their own. They had this light but creamy coleslaw mix on top of the battered fish which was a nice contrast to the deep-fried-ness of the fish. \n\nIncluding ours, all the meals I saw served around us looked very fresh and well presented. The food has definitely lived up to the hype, in presentation and taste.\n\nOur server was friendly, knowledgeable and made good recommendations. The only downside to the evening was the time it took for our appetizer and food to be served: longer than normal. I also wish their sipping tequila wasn't $14 minimum an ounce, I passed on it this time. It's expensive because it's excellent quality, so I understand. The cheaper tequilas were ones you shoot and they had a huge selection. I will have to explore their tequila menu more next time I'm here!\n\nAll in all, excellent food, fun vibe, good service, but a long wait on the food. Make reservations!
Yakiramen was a okay ramen place. The portion are really small. Order the pork belly and they were the size of your thumb and it only came with 4 pieces for $5, big rip off. My friends and I order the spicy miso soup and so did my friends. The portion wasn't that great, all you get one small piece of pork belly and one small piece of enoki. Very disappointing and speaking about the customer service, it was okay, the server and bartender have faces where they don't even want to work here and it had a awkward feels to it when we came in. Overall it's an okay experience. Only thing I be anticipating for would be the Korean BBQ they are opening up next door.
My favorite restaurant! Small menu changes slightly all the time everything is amazing. The garnishes are even amazing. \nIts a small cozy place.  Perfect for date night.
This place is really cool excellent service and you can sit outside and enjoy the view. Enjoyed the Crispy Fish Tacos with French Fries, it was fresh and very good. Definitely plan on returning and taking a nice walk around Springs Preserve.
This place is amazing! The menu has many options to chose from, including taco trios, dinner plates and massive burritos with very generous portions. The shredded steak is amazing! The ceviche not so much. I love the vibe of this place and it's a nice break from the noisy and overly crowded taco restaurants in the downtown core. It has become my new favorite restaurant for tacos/burritos.
Waited about an hour for the food..It is not an ideal place to go back for Italian food..$60 worth of food that we did not get to enjoy just because of the wait and as we walked out we notice the table that used to be empty have their food serve already..
Première cabane à sucre que nous avons fait au Québec. \nLa qualité et la quantité sont au rendez-vous. Les plats sont bons et bien assaisonnés. Tout est posé sur la table et chacun se sert ce qu'il souhaite. À part pour les parts de tourtières qui sont limitées à une par personne. \nLe service est aimable et rapide, peut-être trop parfois. Une petite déception concernant le dessert, on aurait souhaité en avoir plusieurs afin de goûter différentes spécialités comme c'était le cas pour les plats. \nUne bonne découverte quand même des les spécialités culinaires québécoises.
My favorite sub place to eat. The Beef and Cheddar brisket sub is fantastic but it's really hard to go wrong on the menu. I wish there were more of these places.
Dinner was great again and our service was terrific.  Shared a bottle of wine and too many rolls (soooo good).  I had Pasta E Fagioli soup and linguini pesto and BH had Vodka sauce over gluten free pasta and a lovely serving of broccoli.  Our go to Italian restaurant.  :)
Thoroughly impressed with this place. We were in for dinner on a Wednesday and the dining area was crowded and vibrant. The decor is better than average for an indian restaurant. \n\nThe service was superb and he was honest with his opinions. He told us not to order a certain dish. \n\nThe food was awesome and the complimentary chai tea warmed me on the cold night... I strongly recommend this place. \n\nNot too expensive considering the location.
This spot is located in the trendy neighborhood of liberty village. I ended up here as a last minute thing. It seems more like a takeout kind of place as they were surprised when we asked to be seated. Anyway the place was empty on Saturday evening (though the steady take out orders kept em busy)\nThe menu was quite long and even had some Korean dishes. \nI wanted to try both cooked and sushi items so went with a Ebi Tempura and rainbow roll. Dinning partners went for Bento Boxes (one with chicken teriyaki and other with vegetarian version of Agadashi Tofu as protein) \nWe were served tea immediately. I ordered a Sapparo for good measures :)\nMy food arrived first and didn't look anything special. \nI had to wait a bit till everyone got their food. \nThe tempura was dry and the batter was not up to par . This resulted in a much thicker batter than desired and I felt bloated after a few pieces. \nThe rainbow roll was just your run of the mill stuff with dried rice and fish. I would say its not much better than any food court iteration.\nI also tried the agadashi tofu and it was a disaster. The thick batter overpowering the protein and the sauce  just slathered over, just a gooey mess. \nI think one can do a lot better for the price we paid.
The high ratings for this restaurant are perplexing to say the least. The place was packed to the brim on a Sunday. They do have cart service for dim sum which is getting rare however the quality of food and service lead me the conclusion that I am better of at a food court!\nThe few items I tried were deviod of taste and the texture was even off for a shrimp dish. The yardstick for dim sum har gow was no where to be found even though we specifically asked for it. \nNow for the service clumsy to alarming IMO we witnessed food being spilled on the clothes of patrons next to us without a hint of remorse. Dirty dishes being put on the cart that are also carrying foods that is being offered for sale. Servers that would ignore even after you have made an obvious contact. I thought the other popular spot for dim sum nearby was bad but this place is unacceptable. 1.5 stars
A cute coffee shop in Houston, Pa. was definitely a pleasant surprise. The service was good -- not the fastest coffee I've ever gotten -- but my Hawaiian Caramel Salt Iced Latte was excellent. I also ordered a blondie, something my mom used to make for me as a treat, so I was really happy to see that on the menu. I was a little turned off when it came out of a box, but it was pretty comparable to my mom's blondies, so I can't complain. \n\nThe store was very clean and nicely decorated. A woman commented on the Labrador Granite countertops while I was there, which apparently means something. The shop had a very earthly feel about it. Four or five wooden high top tables made it a nice place to go and get some work done. Free Wifi -- something I feel like should be synonymous with "coffeeshop." The highest ticket menu item is a penny shy of $8. There are paninis, sandwiches, salads, etc... so it's really affordable, though I can't attest to the quality of food today, I'll definitely be back.\n\nAnother big plus for me was the music selection: today's alternative rock with a few throwbacks. My favorite was a blues rock rendition of Kanye & Jamie Foxx's "Gold Digger."  \n\nHonestly, I'm just trying to figure out how I'm the first person to review this place. There were good people, good vibes, and good coffee. This might be the best kept secret of Houston, Pa.
A nice place with a good veriety of items including sushi.  About six tables with 10 items each. In addition to sparkling drinks they also have juices (no refill). A decent place when one is in a mood for a Chinese buffet.
I stopped by Don Taco the other day for a snack. I won't lie, the 3 tacos for $5 sign out front was what drew me in. For the price, the tacos were good. I mean really, you can't even get 3 tacos at Taco Bell for $5 and these are better than Taco Bell.\n\nSo the restaurant is at the back of a bakery/café called Café Desserts Etc. The decor looks like a bakery and not so much a taco joint, but hey whatever.\n\nIt's the same staff working both places and the menus are combined into one.\n\nSo the 3 for $5 tacos were the Picadillo tacos the day I went (the cashier had to ask the chef what the special taco was, so not sure if it changes daily, or she was new and didn't know). The tacos were on a corn tortilla (I love corn tortillas! Many Mexican fast food places use flour tortillas, boo!). They were filled with ground beef, potatoes, lettuce and sour cream. There were 3 different hot sauces that you could add to your tacos. I tried all of them and liked the green one the most. \n\nThe beef itself was minimal and yes, somewhat reminiscent of Taco Bell, but the taco was tastier and much more interesting than a Taco Bell taco. The potatoes added an interesting texture and taste, and the sauce they were cooked in was flavourful.\n\nListen, you're not going to get gourmet tacos for the price. I went in expecting fast food tacos and with such expectations, I was pleased with what I got. \n\nStaff were pleasant and the place was clean.\n\nI would go back.
I had lunch here with my parents recently.  They had been there previously and liked it but my mom was disappointed with our most recent visit.  It was my first visit and I thought it was ok, but not great, and with so many restaurant choices in Toronto, I likely wouldn't come back.\n\nSo we sat down and they promptly gave us a pot of tea and 3 tea cups along with the menus.  Unfortunately, one of the cups had a piece of rice or something white and sticky on the rim, so we asked them for another cup.  They took away the cup and brought us another one.  Not exactly an auspicious start, but at least they remedied the situation.  \n\nI got the H02 - House Special Clear Noodle Soup ($8.25).  My parents both got the P01 - House Special Pho.  My mom got a small ($7) and my dad got a large ($9).\n\nI love clear noodles (aka tapioca noodles) and the ones in my soup were ok, but not as chewy as I like them.  My soup was full of miscellaneous items.  I had a quail egg (tasted canned), a wonton (lots of shrimp and pork filling, I wished there was more than just 1), a shrimp (a good size, but not completely de-veined), 2 pieces of squid (tasted rubbery), a piece of BBQ pork (good flavour and not too fatty), 2 pieces of thinly sliced liver (I don't usually like liver, but this was ok), 2 pieces of thinly sliced heart (I gave this to my dad because other than liver I don't eat organ meats), and a fried fish ball sliced in two (tasted good).  The broth was a chicken broth and tasted ok.  It wasn't overly salty or fatty.  The soup also came with a shrimp cake on the side, which is a shrimp still in the shell with the head still on it on a deep fried pancake.  I gave this to my mom because food that still has the head on it freaks me out.  She said the shrimp tasted soft and mushy and not fresh and the pancake was greasy.    \n\nMy mom didn't like her pho. She said the noodles tasted sour like it was from an old batch or something.  However, my dad liked his pho and said the broth was delicious and had that true authentic pho taste.  He would return.  My mom and I would not.\n\nService is not the friendliest but acceptable.  There's lots of free parking in front of the restaurant.
You can't go wrong with made-to-order cake donuts and freshly brewed coffee. I got the Cinnamon Sugar with Vanilla Drizzle (holiday spirit donut, anyone?!) and Peanut Butter and Chocolate Drizzles, freaking delicious.\n\nHow it works:\n- Choose your coating: glazed, powdered sugar, or icing.\n- Choose your topping: sprinkles, chocolate, graham Cracker, chopped peanuts, bacon Pieces, shredded coconut, or oreos.\n- Choose your drizzle: hot fudge, marshmallow, salted caramel, raspberry, or blackberry.\n\nDonuts were fresh and small.\nCoffee was good.\nStaff were helpful and friendly. \n\nFour and Half Yelps
Not reliable sub shop, ONe day I go get Tuna sub portion of tuna is good , another day I go and get Tuna sub Barely any tuna in it, I am thru wasting my time at this over rated sub shop...you have lost my business.
I've been here twice and I just don't think it's any good. For the money there are much better sandwich shops. The customer service was fine, the store was clean and nicely decorated but the food was just average to a little below average.
Good Comfort food. \n\nWe came here for lunch and had a wonderful meal with good service. Cute decor and clean bathrooms (in basement)\n\nBento Box- chicken teriyaki: big portion, came with very flavorful miso soup. Server kind enough to swap sushi rolls on my request. Tempura shrimp and yam too.\n\nFinished it off with Green Tea ice cream (a staple).... Yum!\n\nDon't believe all the bad reviews- its worth a try if you are in the Village.
TLDR; this place is a total hidden gem. Being at Bampot feels like spending an afternoon at your favourite Grandma's house. Order the sharing snack plate!\n\nCame here on a rainy Saturday and this place could not be more perfect. It beats all the other board game cafes in the city. \n\nFOOD: We ordered the ballad salad, the shared snack plate and the homemade chai tea. I couldn't pick a favourite if you forced me. They have a huge, high quality tea menu and a good selection of foods and desserts.\n\nBallad Salad: garlicky, nutty, and fresh. It's a simple salad but the ginger garlic dressing is to die for. \n\nSharing Plate: Nuts & Bolts, Cheese & Crackers, Hummus & Pita. All ingredients are high quality, fresh and simple. Very well done. \n\nChai Tea: milky, spicy and sweet. Comes in a lovely clay pot and warms you up. \n\nATMOSPHERE \nWe sat on a raised platforms on pillows with our shoes off. Very unique, and great atmosphere for playing games. There are also regular tables if that's more your style. \n\nThey have about 100+ board games and a large selection of books. We played Pandemic (the BEST 2 person game) & Mr. Jack.
We were at Carolwinds last Saturday... Sunday morning I was craving for some doughnuts. I went straight to "Yelp" I found Duck Donuts. \nThe morning was cloudy and depressing. As soon as I bite my first "Duck Donut" it was like heaven . If you feel like having a bad day or want some super doper donuts... You have to stop by here at Duck Donuts in 1710 Kenilworth Ave Charlotte North Carolina. I will always come here every time I visit Beautiful Charlotte, North Carolina.
Been waiting to go to this place for awhile and finally did. I must say I was impressed with the good. We got the Red Miso and the Gangnam Ramen bowls with the udon noodles and they were really good. We also got the bacon wrapped enoki mushroom and the fried Chicken, also very delicious. Before I went in I was reading some of the reviews on google and here on yelp and was kinda hesitant but then I was like fuck it. I'll just go create my own opinion. They do have a happy hour that's starts at 4pm- 6ish. They do have a big drink menu compared to their food menu, so it shouldn't take you to long to chose your dish of choice.  It would be good to get a starter as the ramen take awhile as they prepare them when you order. Reasoning behind the 4 stars and not 5 is that it was VERY warm in the restaurant, and the cleanliness of the window seals wasn't all that. I'm not to fond to eat with dead bugs on the window seal staring at me as I enjoy my meal. But other than that. I would say this is a pretty damn good place to chill (or sweat since they don't use air conditioning I don't think) and get your RAMEN on!!
Yowga-ga-boing!\n\nExcellent variety of signature burger combinations.  In particular, the one I tried (Desert Heat) was a taste sensation.  You don't find too many places offering both Angus and Kobe.\n\nThe buns were higher quality than your average burger stand fare.  The produce was nice and fresh.  Crisp lettuce, and the tomato was deep red, not that wilted yellow disc you sometimes get with the other guys.\n\nTheir beer battered onion-rings were perfectly crunchy and great tasting.  The fries tasted great, although they could have been a little more crisp.\n\nGreat selection of sodas (including Jones brand), energy drinks, and a unique variety of beers & wine coolers/malt beverages.\n\nTrendy and clean upbeat environment.  Friendly staff.  The hostess was a cutie.  The grill guys paid attention to our order (I actually received a medium-rare patty).  The manager even came out and greeted us.\n\nMaybe I was there on a good night, but you can bet I'll be back soon to try that seared Ahi burger.\n\nIn-n-out is good, but not even close to this good.\n\n~Swoop
The kids wanted to meet up and hang out with some of their friends so this is place they chose. The games could use some updating, but the air hockey table was where they spent most of there time! This was not your average air hockey table. This was air hockey on steroids. At different times like 20 small pucks would slide down on the table and it was a blast seeing the kids faces light up with excitement! \nWe got here a bit late so we didn't get to try the food, but looking at the pics on Yelp, I may just go back for lunch before we leave Vegas. The bar looked pretty cool as well had 2 pool tables in back, but I was with my kids and holding my littlest man man so no adult activities for daddy. Another cool thing about this place is they had a section with some of the classics, Pac Man, Donkey Kong, just to name a few. All and all the kids had a blast even little guy fun on some riding games.\n\nAmbiance 3/5\nFood 0/5 but looking forward to trying \nDrink 0/5 \nService 0/5\nOverall Experience 3/5\nTill next time Drink, Eat, and Enjoy this life you live - Groux
This place is beautiful.  My girl suggested me and we had a lunch date there and it was a good experience they were so many options from veggie to shrimp chicken and etc . Even there deserts have a big menu which I liked it on the top of that they had ice cream which was amazing . The only issue what I see is when we got seated for 10 mins the server dint even got water or ask for drinks . Other than that my meal was perfect .
Pretty cool spot for a night out with friends or a day with the family. There are tons of games, bowling, food and drinks (for the adults ). We have been here a few times and each time of course the kids left very happy (and tired, thankfully). They have games for tickets which can be traded in for prizes in the end as well as a room full of computer/video games. Games for everyone! \n\nThey have a few pretty good deals for games only but the one we took advantage of was the unlimited play for an hour with an entree. \n\nThere was some miscommunication between how to purchase the deal and we got sent around to 3 different people so that was a bit frustrating. Only other downfall was the service in the restaurant. We waited for almost 10 minutes before anyone came and greeted us or got our drinks, then another 30 minutes for our food. I'm not a master chef but I don't think our nachos, cheese pizza and burger takes that long to prepare. Also, our server was less than attentive. Nonetheless, I know people don't go there for the food its just an added incentive while you are there to play games!!!! \n\nCool spot again to drink and play games, maybe dine at another nearby establishment though.
Old-school dim sum house, delighted to see the tea cart service and large variety of dim sum.   (We went on a Sunday morning for brunch -- I noted that some reviewers did not experience the cart service, so it may be only on weekends when the crowds are bigger.)  In general, their dim sum had very good flavors, bright and distinct.  Some notable ones in our opinion: the roast duck (nice crisp skin, and happily, not fatty or greasy at all); steamed beef spare ribs (very good, redolent with black bean sauce, succulent and tender); fried whole shrimp (very crispy, willingly able to eat shell, tail and all); and the shrimp-stuffed eggplant with black bean sauce.  Items worthy of a shout-out: DSKSR's pan-fried shrimp-chive dumplings (excellent flavor -- had several rounds of those!);  steamed pork buns (one of the best I've had in a while, soft and pillowy, with a pork filling that was not too sweet or cloying); and another repeat rounder in their shrimp-stuffed jalapeno peppers (quite tasty and nice heat).\n\nOn the downside, their salt&pepper squid was not as good as I would have expected; and we seemed to keep seeing the same carts over and over again.  We had to be patient to wait for the right cart with the dim sum that we wanted.
The atmosphere here was great. Very laid back and relaxing. The live belly dancer was a nice touch. The food and service in the other hand was not so great. I got the Chicken Biryani (Number 41) and wren brought the food out was impressed with the portion until I found only 4 small pieces of chicken in the mix the rest was veggies and rice. The service was either to overboard or none existent. Asked for a drink and 30 minutes later got my drink but when ordering the waiter asked me 10 times what I wanted when I told him I needed some time. Overall atmosphere is a 5 star food and service 1 star....
Delicious. All the food was amazing and priced very well and staff were very knowledgable about the menu. Authentic amazing place.
First time visit , food was on point , great service and family friendly !! The food  bars are setup with a wide variety for something for everyone  will be revisiting in the future !!
Great place to kill a couple hours for a reasonable price. \nThe bowling alley was alot of fun and had a really cool vibe with the blacklights and music.\nThe bar in the bowling alley should be open to make it a little more convenient to order food and drinks.\nAnd the A/C needs some work, lol.\nBesides that , a good time !
Came here to play some games with friends after walking around town square. Most of the games we tried to play didn't work/were broken. Such a disappointment after paying to play the games. If you have a specific game in mind, you might want to make sure its operational before you pay.
Great casual place to eat. The best smoked meat and I love their breakfast!
People hype this up for no reason. It's for teenagers and college kids. It's loud, and very busy. Exceptional service is not their strongpoint.
I had the Italian beef sandwich with cheese, peppers, and onions and I really enjoyed it. I also ordered some fries. They serve crinkle cut fries and they were hot and totally crispy. They have all the items you would normally see on any other Chicago hot dog style restaurants menu. Everything I saw come out looked good. Ill come back but i will say for my fries coke and a drink it cost $12. I think its a little pricey for a sandwich fries and a drink but it was good. They have no combo so everything is sold separate. If the prices were a little lower I would have given 4 stars.
Great place,\nBut if you are vegan and looking for something to eat, don't waste your time. All fun and games, but no food for you.
These are unreal. Always hot, melt in your mouth, and so many delicious combos!! My current favorites: chocolate with rainbow sprinkles + blueberry with raspberry glaze.
Fav happy hour-hands down! I'm so happy we finally have one on the East Side. The margaritas are the best around and they come up with some really cool, creative queso. The ONLY complaint I have is that they got rid of the crabby cake off the brunch menu. However, I can always find something good here, so it's not too big of a complaint.
Excellent Kona coffee. It's very hard to find Kona coffee that reminds me of my vacation in Hawaii. This place is spot on with the Kona coffee. Friendly owner and staff. The place is warm and inviting. I love coming here!
I was happy with the atmosphere, calm and collected with ... tv. To see your favorite sport if you like. Also milkshakes for everyone, we enjoyed. Will go back.
Went today with a friend for lunch. great service, split the grilled fish tacos (TACOS DE PESCADO (BAJA-STYLE) and slow roasted pork tacos (TACOS DE CARNITAS). The chicharones on the carnitas were such a great textural lift. Guac was fine, chips with it were better. Will return for some ceviche. Only thing is we didn't eat fast enough and the soft tortillas were tearing. Great atmosphere- very cozy/friendly.
This was our second destination of the day for lunch. We arrived at 130pm. The place appeared somewhat deserted.  I believe we missed the lunch rush.\n\nThe food was plentiful...carts with food kept coming by our table as it was located close to the kitchen at the back.\n\nThe place looked as though it was getting ready for a wedding banquet.\n\nWe ordered the requisite chinese steamed chicken feet, egg tarts, mango pudding, curry baby squid, deep fried taro balls, and deep fried sweet chewy pork filled balls. Yes, that is not your traditional xiu mai and ha gao, but we had filled our stomachs previously at Asian Legends.\n\nOverall the service was good, the prices was reasonable ($10 per person). It's not the best dim sum i've ever had but its acceptable for downtown.
I don't think there is anything to write about and I need not bother since most of the reviews here do it justice.  Cobbled-together restaurant that I can only describe as a cross between New City Restaurant, Congee Queen, and Firefly Seafood.  \n\nNew City feel = lack of service, all-day option menus with drinks, same tea service cup and saucer\nCongee Queen feel = lack of service, trying to mash together congee menu, noodles menu, fried rice menu, snacks menu along with New City and Firefly Seafood menu\nFirefly Seafood feel = lack of service, overpriced, battered shrimp on menu, spaghetti options on top of traditional rice/noodle/breakfast options, getting annoyed at customer. \n\nShameful characteristics that just never go away: sticky tables (even sticky sugar spouts!), dirty bathroom, dry food stuck on cutlery, zero service, customer berating*\n\nCustomer berating - you don't have to bark at me twice that if I pay by card I need to go to the counter. I heard you the first time. Use some Sherlocking skills please: If I acknowledged your directions the first bark, but I am still sitting at the table, and you see that across me there is another set of keys and a mobile phone, that should probably help you deduct that I am actually waiting for my dining partner to return to the table from the restrooms before I abandon the table to go pay the tab.\n\nCustomer service advice: DO NOT TRY TO GRAB MY CREDIT CARD OUT OF MY HAND. HAND ME THE CARD SERVICE TERMINAL AND TELL ME TO TAP OR INSERT CARD.  If tapping card doesn't have Tip settings set up, DO NOT GET FRUSTRATED AT ME AND TELL ME THAT YOU CAN'T RECEIVE A TIP BECAUSE I DIDN'T INSERT CARD for the tip option.  And then you have the guts to ask me if I have cash.  Because you know what I will do right? I will gladly offer you my credit card again and tell you to charge me on tip 20%. But it ain't my fault you were too gutless to follow-through and agree with my suggestion and only say to me "next time, bring cash".  \n\n...Because you know, of course, there will be a next time right?  \n\nI think the "M" in Kitchen M. might stand for minus, minimal, missing, marred, miserly, menial, I can go on......
Oh lord. What can I say about Playa Cabana? How do you solve a problem like Playa Cabana? At first visit, I would have given Playa Cabana a solid 5 star review. Given the BS they put me through for the second visit, I'm going to bring that down to a 3 star rating. If I could do 2.5 stars, I would. \n\nMy first visit to Playa Cabana was glorious - tasty and sooo much fun! Went with a group of girls for a birthday and we had a blast. Awesome tacos, extraordinary margaritas (amber agave, yummmm), energy, atmosphere and fun. We loved it! I immediately started making plans to come back with a larger group.\n\nWent all out for the 2nd visit! Party of 26. Worked with the management over the course of a few weeks to set up a prix fixe menu for our party. I was super excited about this dinner, but unfortunately, the management (Evan) screwed up pretty much everything. Evan made our reservation for the wrong time, so 26 people stood around for half an hour in the entrance. On the day of the dinner, mere hours before, Evan decided to change the pricing on the prix fixe menu, as well as the overall terms of the prix fixe!! Agreed to separate cheques over email, took it back day of the event. Basically, he agreed to everything up front, over email, in writing, then changed every single last term day of the event. Argued every little thing with me, at length - argued for 20 minutes over $1.22 per person! Seriously not cool! I don't like being messed with, and I don't need all the BS. It was sooo shady, really total crap!! \n\nThat said, even with all this garbage going on, the truth is that every last one of my 25 guests agreed that the food was incredible, the margaritas were amazing, and they would all come back in a heartbeat. Everyone had a great time, everyone loved the place. So basically, there you go. Go to Playa Cabana, you will love it. Just don't take 26 people with you, and don't try and organize a prixfixe menu, and and be sure to double check your reservation time. Do not rely on the management for anything, they have no idea what they are doing. Just go and have a good time. Drink lots of tequila and you won't notice how poor the management is. This is still the best Mexican food I've found in Toronto, and I'm from California. :)\n\nEnjoy! Just don't say I didn't warn you. :) And don't forget - amber agave margaritas. Yum yum yum. :)
Finally made it to the store, having always enjoyed their gyros at Taste of Champaign.  I'm sorry we waited, the food in the shop is even better!
First time at Red Viet Cuisine. Arrived at 4:15 for an early Friday dinner and there were two tables full. \n\nThe menu was quite varied because they recently changed the concept. They offered several noodle dishes, apps, some sushi, rice dishes and specialties. \n\nI was greeted somewhat quickly and given a menu and water. I ordered the Gyoza and an ASU roll. \nAll told it came to $18.10 with the happy hour discount. \n\nThe Gyoza were deep fried rather than pan fried. I prefer the latter. They were also rather scant with filling. \n\nThe Roll was colorful but not firm, which suggested older fish. The salmon was firm but not the tuna. Major disappointment there. \n\nFound out about happy hour after eating by overhearing the conversation at the next table. They had to ask about it and my server was somewhat hesitant to honor the discount. \n\nNot sure if a return trip is warranted at this point.
CarolynShuford. loves it \n.wish I could come lot more often...I hope  to get back there will soon ..love it ....the only trouble ii have when I finish my first plate. it's  often empty where I want  more .\nB UT   I just find more. SusI   an I'm happy ....
Maki My Way replaced the old Jugo Juice place. I ordered the Spicy Salmon Crunch Burrito and the chicken karage. \n\nThe chicken karage was horrible. Way overcooked (tasted like it was microwaved) and not fresh at all. Pretty hard to screw up deep fried chicken, so I would recommend staying away from ordering that. \n\nThe Spicy salmon crunch burrito was quite good though. Pretty thick, so even with that one roll was quite filling. And if you use Ritual to place your order through the phone app, you get around a $5 discount (full roll was only $11.20). Too bad this is only a one-time special offer with Ritual, as for that price, I would consider coming here more often to order that (not the chicken karage though)!
The best eggplant parmigiana I have ever had. Bar none. Ever. Try the tiramisu for dessert. Absolute heaven. The pesto is to die for. Everything here is first rate including the personal service. We're hooked!
One of the best tacos I've had. All 4 of us loved the pork taco the best. The beef brisket and shrimp are decent too. I took 1 star off because the stale chips were guacamole dips. I'm also surprise they don't give free chips.
Literally the WORST service I've ever had!  I work in the mall, and absolutely love Indian food.  I ordered the veggie samosas, an extra side of garlic naan and a side of butter chicken sauce.  They argued with me for not wanting to give me the side of sauce, then charged me $2.50 for a small, half-filled cup of just sauce (no actual chicken).  It came to almost $12 for everything.  \n\nDeciding to give them a 2nd try, I came back a couple days later.  I ordered just the side of garlic naan and side of butter chicken sauce.  This time, I was given dirty looks by both the cashier and the girl serving me, and charged $4.94 for the small cup of sauce.  It came to over $7 for the 2 items.  I requested that the cup be filled completely if I was going to be charged this amount, and got an attitude from the cashier.  \n\nI would not recommend this place to any regular customers.  The service seems like its meant for a tourist area, not mall employees or people who live locally wanting Indian food.  The items I tried off the menu tasted okay, but I will NOT return simply because the service was so bad both times.  I am new to Toronto and have tried many restaurants since moving here, and none have the despicable service this place has.
I've never seen a "make it while you watch" donut store! I had the vanilla glaze with raspberry drizzle.  It was delicious.  I'll probably just get the drizzle next time because it was so good.   You can get it as sweet (or not as sweet) as you want.  The kiddos loved watching and the line was out the door.  It'll be our regular after church stop!
One of the best dim sum places in the gta. Better then Ginger and onion at Pacific Mall. Very good and very reasonable. Good is always fresh, service is great, love having carts. This place is always packed. Order the shrimp roll, the egg tarts are great as well.
This is going to be my new go to place for Pho. In the past I was going to Pho Hung, which seems to be getting worse, I guess due to the large numbers of people being feed. \n\nThis place is excellent, and very small, it has smaller portion sizes then most Vietnamese places, but the soup it self is so good, that having a cavernous amount of soup is not important. The Vietnamese spring rolls are good, although a bit doughy. I will be back to try some of the other dishes.
The gyro's are amazing! They also have mac and cheese balls and fries that are pretty good. Hooked usually has a pretty good deal going on so check that before you stop by!
Not your average menu, which keeps us coming back. Comfy couches and seats at the bar with lots of t.v.s to watch every game. Not a bad seat in he place. Consistently good food. Highly recommend the Kobe pizza, the garlic tots, meatballs, and the black rum bbq wings. Very good desserts. Bartenders here make great mixed drinks, too.
This place is really underrated. The prices are very fair and the sushi is great. Also there is no wait during lunch hour which is great.
Received a gift card in the mail from Fraticelli's for $25 off my meal if I spent more than $50 (so essential 50% off, or less depending on what you order). So I decided to give this place a try with my boyfriend. We went in on a Friday night. Decently busy. We sat in a booth in the bar area. Our waiter was very friendly, very helpful and very considerate.\n\nHowever, I wasn't that impressed with the food. The card in the mail came in a little card that promoted their lobster specials. There's also a huge banner outside their restaurant and a separate menu encouraging you to try their lobster. I'm guessing it's the same reason why McDonald's has their McLobster right now (cheap, good, fresh lobster available in the market at the moment). So I tried their lobster bisque ($8.25?). It was really tasty and smooth BUT I would have preferred some lobster chunks in there. The whole thing was just like a puree. The soup was the best part of my meal unfortunately.\n\nTHEN we waited 45 minutes to an hour after we finished our appetizer to get our entree. That is pretty unacceptable. Our server could tell that we were getting antsy and checked on the kitchen for us without us having to ask, which was great. He assured us it would be ready shortly. My entree was the lobster pancetta/pizza ($17.25?). One hour for a pizza. It was thin crust, had a nice sauce BUT there were only 4 small chunks of lobster on my pizza. Really? 4??! When lobster is in season? Where did the rest of my lobster go??? That's pretty stingy to say the least for a $17 pizza. If I go back, which I likely wont, I would just get the lobster tail for $24. That way they can't gip me of my lobster.\n\nOverall:\n\nService: 5/5\nFood: 3/5 (good, but not worth it for the price you pay)
Opened in the past few days, and they've got their A-game already. Perfectly soft boiled eggs in slow cooked bone broth for their ramen. Delicious pork belly. Great variety. \n\nI had their Tom yam ramen - think of it as a chili-citrus flavor. Very reminiscent of Malaysia and Thailand.  Great flavor without being overwhelmingly spicy.\n\nMy daughter had the Tonkatsu - the benchmark ramen, and I must say, she too, was impressed. \n\nThe only issue I have, and this is negligible at best, is that they don't offer different noodle choices for their soups. Some other resturants in town offer Udon and soba, and offering such would be rather pleasant.
Great place to get take out from. Never actually ate in the restaurant but we get take out a least once every two weeks. The food is good and the staff is friendly. They even remember me when I come in.
I stopped into the Brick House this evening for a beer and for a dinner and was slightly let down.  I've had multiple trips to this place and their saving grace is that the bartenders and wait staff is usually extremely pleasant.  Tonight they were very inattentive and seemed to ignore me for the most part.  There were some ride and obnoxious people at the bar that took a lot of their attention and a motorcycle gang called "Switchblade Club" that occupied the outside area.  The kitchen was slow at turning things around.  Also I was sad to learn that the were it of the daily special which was the chicken pot pie.\n\nI will go back to this place but am in no hurry.
Went here for a quick lunch. The presentation of the food was amazing and the food itself was great. Service could be stepped up a notch, though it is an express/fast food restaurant the people behind the counter could use a little more training. The prices were not bad, $10 for a combo type meal including a main, rice and salad. A meal for two came to $27 with taxes in and two drinks. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a quick Indian fix. Flavours were on point and the food tasted fresh enough.
Third time eating here. Food is consistently good. Tried the penne bolognese...very good. My wife had a chicken dish ....also very good\nwill try the meatballs next time\nVery much like you might find in little italy in new york if you get past the strip mall location.
The worst chicken vindaloo I have ever experienced on three continents. I would not go back to this restaurant. I complained to what appeared to be the owner, who stated the chef would come and see me. I am still waiting.
We had very high expectations about this restaurant. Me and my hubby are Mexicans, lived in Toronto for many years always looking for a Mexican restaurant that can take us back home in our full five senses. We've heard incredible things about playa cabana from our Mexicans friend and from our none Mexican friends, we've also been in "hacienda playa cabana" which is one block away from this restaurant and from \nthe same owner and we really really like hacienda. \n\nAnyways, here is why 3 stars. \n\nWe sat in a corner inside, the inside was pretty empty everyone was seating in the patio (30* degrees outside) we were biking so it was too hot for us, starting with the service, it wasn't bad, although I thought specially because it wasn't really full there was going to be more special attention, the service isn't knocking stars, the service was fine. \nWe ordered a few items tacos de carnitas, tacos al pastor, short ribs tacos, elotes, agua de jamaica and guacamole. \n\nGuacamole- home-made with the choice of mild medium or hot, with home made chips, the guac was great.\n\nAgua de jamaica - it was extremely sweet and from the dark red color and the really sweet taste we knew it was fake jamaica (the syrup comes in a bottle and you just add water) that was a downer, we didn't like it.\n\nElotes- the elotes were amazing 5 stars for sure, a little spice with cheese and the crema and mayo. We both enjoyed this a lot.\n\nAll the tacos took a long time, like a looong time.\n\nTacos de pastor- this were not pastor, they didn't look like pastor or tasted pastor, the meat was thick and lacked flavour, we didn't like them.\n\nTacos de carnitas- to me they were ok nothing great, came with some chicharrón (deep fried crispy pork meat) I'm not a chicharrón fan, and also the tacos had lots of topping, onion jalapeños etc but I wanted meat, I wanted carnitas, if you are gonna charge about $5 per taco, they have to be full tacos (that's why I love seven lives). My hubby liked this ones, he wasn't crazy about it but he enjoyed them.\n\nShort ribs tacos - in My opinion this were the better ones, I like the hacienda playa cabana better but I liked them.\n\nFor dessert we had  churros con cajeta and flan \n\nThe churros - were really well done almost burnt with not much cajeta...  It was ok but man, churros, you have to give me more cajeta! \n\nFlan - do not order the flan, I don't know what was this, I know what flan is and how it looks like and how it tastes like, and I love flan! This is not flan, it was hard, like really hard almost like trying to scoop hard ice-cream...mexican flan it's soft, almost like Jello.. We couldn't eat it, it also had a funny taste.. Sorry playa but this "flan" of yours sucks  ): \n\nOverall... I don't think we are coming back, we will for sure go to -hacienda- but not here, if we were ever coming back, it would only be for the elotes.
LOVE this place. Do not love, however, the fact that weekend reservations now have to be made weeks in advance. This means Playa Cabana needs to expand its small space and fast.\n\nI would say it's the best and most authentic Mexican in the city I have come across, with the exception of the "street meat" style food that can be found in Kensington Market at El Trompo.\n\nHere you will find amazing guacamole prepared to your spice tolerance and accompanied by homemade tortilla chips, grilled corn, tacos and other favourites served up with the best Margaritas in the city.  The Margaritas deserve a second sentence to express just how good they are with many variations in flavour and tequila.\n\nI just have a couple qualms: 1) the prices would be a little lower in cities with more Mexican options and 2) please expand!
IF YOU ARE BLACK I wouldn't go here. I was totally mistreated from everyone in the place except for Paris the manager. She helped out the best she could but the entire staff was rude and racist in my opinion. I came in from Atlanta, Ga to visit family and they chose this place to go to and it was horrible service but the food was good. Margaritas were too sweet but other than that I will NEVER go back again.
1 pizza,nachos and 4 drinks...$72! Are you kidding me? The pizza was like the stuff you get in school. Hard cheese and grease floating on top. The service in the restaurant area sucked. I stood by the host table not sure if we ordered there or waited to be seated. All the while,some 16 yr old staring at me not saying one word. Finally I attempt to order and was told I need a table first. Ok cool,but you seen me standing here for 5 min and didn't say a word! Kids eventually had fun on the games you could play (half of them were down). Don't think I'll take the family back anytime soon. Hopefully Dave and Busters is better!
Visited for Restaurant Week so we had a shared app (crab cake), two entrees (Carolina burger w/string fries and fish and "chips"/string fries) and shared dessert. The waiter was friendly but somewhat unattentive and tried to push the other restaurants/deli on to us quite a bit. The food was pretty mediocre but edible..no complaints. I'm not a huge string fry fan so I was hoping for some thicker cut "chips". The blueberry bread pudding was okay. It tasted like they used old garlic bread from the other restaurant next door then smothered it in whiskey and butter. We went about 15-20 minutes without a water refill and waited 10 minutes for our card to be picked up. All in all it was just okay but at least now we know and it only cost us $30. I guess that's what Restaurant Week is all about though right?
Ordered an "All Dress"   Au mon Dieu!  \nThe sauce was sweet, the cheese and pepperoni were real, no franchise let down here folks! Everything else that came out of the kitchen looked wonderful, great place without the drive to Mtl.
This location sucks ass.\n\nThe exact same food is more expensive than other amaya locations, and the service is gross. Everybody seems so pissed off by their customers. I am aware they have a shitty job but that is not my fault.\n\nAnd the best of all, when I proceed to the cashier, the guy always just put out his hand in front of me without saying a fucking word, meaning he will take my credit card, and tap it on the machine, without me knowing how much I am being charged. Hell, no. So today I just put out my hand, without saying a thing, meaning I want to see the damn machine, the guy looked at me shocked for a sec and threw the machine towards me on the counter. I tapped it, threw it back onto the counter and left with my food. Am I over reacting? I dont think so. They are just so rude and pathetic. I hope this place disappear soon from EC. \n\nThis place is not even good enough for a foodcourt.
The place is terrible for many reasons. I tried it four separate occasions. Management is retarded, food is below average, and I hope they lose business. \n\nNever have I seen a restaurant tell me what I can order - I'm paying money for custom meal you had better be smart enough to accept my money. Never again.
We got 6 different donuts. Some of them are good, some were just okay. Donuts are donuts in my opinion. They can't be bad, and with some toppings added, they get better.
Love the guava margarita and the shrimp taco BUT...when we went for happy hour the other day, the shrimp was different -it was not a whole shrimp and it was not deveined. I got some chopped up shrimp that was just bad. I hope they didn't permanently change the shrimp recipe :(
We frequent Carrabba's in Frazer, and enjoy the food.  Most of the time, the service is good.  Upon arriving tonight, we asked to sit in the bar but the hostess offered to seat us either at the bar itself or at a high table, citing something about a rotation.  Fortunately, the manager, Brett, interrupted stating "they can sit wherever they want", and we were seated in a booth in the bar, as we originally requested.\n\nThe food was good, as always, as was the service from Ashley, who was also the bartender.  Throughout the meal, Brett stopped by a few times to ensure everything was to our liking.  This extra attention certainly wasn't expected, but it was definitely appreciated.
Excellent.  My husband and I shared a wood fired pizza special.  It was the BBQ chicken and normally I don't like BBQ Pizzas as they are normally drowned in BBQ sauce.  This was delicate, cooked perfectly and had amazing smokey flavor.  It honestly was just perfect.  The view from the deck overlooking LasVegas was the final touch.  I will be back in a few weeks for work and will becoming by here for a nice lunch.  \n\nI'm also an ice tea snob and it was also very well done.  Fresh and good quality tea, strength good and flavor able but not over done.
Great customer service, beautiful and peaceful view, but most importantly delicious food. I had the chilaquiles for bunch and they were so tasty, I'll let the picture do the talking for now. They have lots of fresh and healthy options as well. I will definitely return!
By far, the best Mexican food I have had in Toronto. This restaurant is tiny, and out of the way, and has a unique juxtaposition to the typical pace of the downtown core. Located in what is seemingly a residential neighbourhood, the restaurant is in a word, quaint. \n\nFood here was fabulous. As it was my first time, it seemed fitting to go with the house special, the playa burrito - I had no regrets. I was pleased with a spicy mix of cheeses, meat and vegetables that dazzled my palate, which was happily followed up by two delicious Cuban Mojitos. As a side note, these are incredible, I cannot recommend the cocktail enough, it was superb.\n\nMy only grievance was that on the back patios, the tables are made with wood panels with gaps between each plank. It was just disgusting  to eat on a table with what appeared to be  week old food for me to stare at. The place was great, but because of this severe hygiene issue, they have to be knocked down a couple stars. Hopefully this issue will be addressed come my next visit.  \n\nDespite this thought, I may very well find myself venturing back for an evening on the patio once the warm weather returns.
Pretty good tacos, and quite cheap. Authentic, run by Mexicans. Can't beat their price if you're on a budget and are looking for something quick and tasty.
Great lunch specials that I just have to rave about.  The Thurs. lamb special is my fav but the naan is fresh, hot delicious and great with any meal.  I've always had good service, the decor is comfortable with some exotic Indian touches. But mostly it's always yummy and a good quick lunch to share with friends.
The Italian Beef was yummy. I'd have to say ask for it dry if you don't like your bread soaked with au juice. Also, the hot peppers were "homemade" and weren't all too tasty, maybe it was a bad batch but it tasted kind of like it had been sitting around too long, or spoiled. Yuck threw them out. \n\nPeople were friendly, and I've heard other good reviews of the hot dogs. So I would try other items next time.
I work right around the corner from Luke's, and thank goodness I can get a Chicago Style hot dog and get back within 10 minutes.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but then again, why would you?  A Chicago Style and Fries for under $5- a beautiful thing.
Terrible service \nCame in at 9 was told i was 5th on the waiting list. \nCane back 45 minutes later.  Hostess is seating walk ins.\nI lose it. We get sat right away.
Service is typically very slow, regardless if its drive-thru or dine-in. Workers are unenthusiastic and borderline rude. The food typically comes out very sloppily made. It's kept clean, which is probably the best thing about this particular Panera. The convenience of its location is nice but if you're looking for your food to be done well, timely, and with any type of positive service, I suggest a different Panera or restaurant.
I can't say anything bad! Food was great, prices great, service great!\nIt's a small little place so keep an eye open while driving by.\nGets busy quick so call ahead and make reservations.
food was great but the service i received was not so great. which made me just lose my appetite all together!! our server was really really rude. had an attitude and got orders wrong. slammed our plates on the table. almost spilled one of the drinks because of this stinky ass attitude he had!!!! i was really irate. i would like to go to my favorite restaurant (which might not be my fave anymore because of this experience) and enjoy myself! because of this man's attitude i gave him a $3 tip (should have gave him nothing at all) the server got mad about the $3 tip and came up to us as we left with an attitude again being sarcastic saying "i hope that didnt break your pocketttssss" waving his hand as he said "pockettttsss" ..............ungrateful ass!!!!!!!!!!!!  im done with this red lobster i rather drive an extra 10 miles to another location
This is my favorite Olive Garden that I've visited thus far! I started out with the stuffed mushrooms and if you haven't tried them yet you are missing out.For my soup I got the chicken & gnocchi. The soup was good and creamy! I decided to order a soup since when I got a salad the last time and it was their regular bowl still even though my friend ordered the soup.\n\nTo begin my entree I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs so nothing too fancy but delicious none the less. To finish off my meal I had the apple crostata, which was good. The best part to me was the ice cream. I don't know what ice cream they use to top it off but it was good.\n\nThis Olive Garden hasn't let me down yet so I will be there again! Both times my waitress has been Brittany and she is great so if you get her expect to leave a good tip lol.
This place was delicious!\nMy roommate and I came here on default because the other place we were trying to go to was already closed!\nBut good thing the gyros & fries here were delicious and made-to-order!  And the gyro meat tasted super fresh!  I loved how you can get extra cucumber sauce and the "hot sauce" obviously was mixed with the cucumber sauce...all delicious!\nThe establishment has been open for awhile and I can see why college students would come here after partying!
First time we tried today everything is fantastic!!! Fried calamari! Chicken piccata !!! Antipasto!! Cannelloni all delicious !! We will be going back for more !!! Nice people too !!
Just had take-out! Wow! So good. We live very close and this will probably be out new favorite! Thanks for opening in the neighborhood! We needed and great lil' place like this. We'll be back and often!
I have to say that this is the best and cleanest indian food I have ever had! From the moment we walked in we loved the smells that greeted us and along with the very friendly service I was sold. My husband ordered the Coconut Chicken curry and I the Paneer Makani and three garlic tandoori breads ( I could have just eaten the bread! Super YUM). Everything was as we ordered it and food was stove hot. I LOVE this place and will go there again and again! To all the haters out there, this is good food... COME on!!!
One of our go-to happy hour spots. Can't get much better than make it yourself tacos at these prices. Tasty margaritas as well, and a great selection of beer. The different quesos and guacs always keep things interesting!
This is our favorite burger place by far. We will drive out of our way to get here, passing tons of Bieber places along the way. Try the Brie and mushroom one - you won't regret it. And the truffle fries are amazing. Plus cold cocktails and great staff.
I'm a serious Pho Lover, so when I heard about this place from the locals and saw the reviews, checking it out was a must. Ginger Gent and I ordered chicken and beef Pho ....to go in order to have date night by the fire. It such a wonderful surprise to get home and find the soup separated from the meat and noodles, which is ideal since you don't want your noodles super soggy. Needless to say the Pho was great and the smell is completely intoxicating.
So I axs the waiter 'waiter what should I have?" and he says 'the fish tacos'.  fish tacos?  but hey a leap of faith right?  Brilliant!  and I can't get them out of my mind!!  The waiter was right.\n\nThe fish was crunchy in the taco, with other stuff that I couldn't concentrate on and woops it was gone.\n\nThis guy knows what he is doing - our meal made us stop talking about us, and start talking about how good everything was, the food and how it tasted.  Then the chef, Dave (?) came out into the restaurant and talked to us about the food ! WOW, and he told us about the desserts, and of course we had to try some!  Incredible.\n\nNow we feels like it is our restaurant and we loves it and we is going back back back.
Been here a couple of times - I have friends that live in the neighbourhood.  The restaurant is indeed small but intimate in a fun way - dining at night is the best.  In nice weather, the patio adds some needed extra room.  No AC in the summer, just open windows.\n\nService was amazing on my first visit and average on my second.\n\nFood isn't bad - I thought it was decent but not outstanding.  I think it's a little overpriced considering the portions; ie: the chips and salsa isn't huge but costs you $5 each time even for a refill.\n\nOverall, this is really just a place of convenience for me to go to.  I have a few other preferred places in the city for the same type of food.  But for a snack and a few drinks, it's a pretty good option.
Went there for lunch.  Great food selection for lunch.  Included Hibachi and sushi.  $9 for lunch is a bargain.  Service was attentive and fast.  The Hibachi grill, while a little slow, had much to offer.  Place could use a better desert selection but for $9 you really can't complain.
The staff really went above and beyond to make my stay as pleasant and comfortable as possible. My group was both large and unique in some its needs. Every single member of the staff really shined on one or more separate occasions in taking care of my group. Thank you so much!
I LOVE donuts, and even more I LOVE cake donuts.  Duck Donuts prepares donuts throughout the day, but awaits you to select your choices.  How awesome is that? Fresh, toppings made to your order donuts.  As others have said this definitely ensures your donut is fresh.  There are so many choices I love them all.  A great addition to the Dilworth area and a definite morning, or even afternoon treat!
I had high expectations from this place because a co-worker suggested I try them. It wasn't memorable. It was just okay. 4 tacos cost 9$
First time at this Smash. It was clean, cool and moderate music playing. Good start. \n\nI arrived at 6:45 on a Friday evening. There were 10 in line but they had good efficiency and I was thru in about five mins. \n\nI ordered two burgers, two fries and donated a buck to their current promo for cancer research. It came to $13.46 cuz I had a bogo coupon. It wouldn't print  at home but they honored it anyway. I had also ordered cheese on both and bacon on one, a total of $2.70 extra. \n\nMy meal, to go, was ready in seven mins. Everything was hot when I got home. I was missing one order of fries though. I checked the receipt and he did charge, but failed to add it to the bag. I'm not sure I can recommend this Smash for good food and good service, due to the missing fries.
Amazing, freshly prepared cake doughnuts. They are a little crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just enough substance. They are flat out amazing. Oh, and you get to customize the flavor. My favorite: maple glaze with freshly diced bacon. So, so good
One of the best Indian food. I have lived in large cities like Houston and Chicago. Have been to many other cities but this restaurant was the best.\nWe ordered spicy tandoori chicken, it was perfectly cooked in clay oven and devoid of any artificial colors. The lamb seekh jab abs were soft and and very well seasoned. One of the best chicken tikka masala, very well balanced flavors and again no artificial colors. \nI was impressed by the selection of breads. Chilli naan and chilli paneer naan were the best.\nThe staff and owner were very hospitable. We had a great conversation with the owner.
The only reason I added an extra star was because our waiter was great. The food was okay, there was definitely a great selection. Everything was super greasy and I found a hair in my spring roll. I would go back if it was maybe my only option for the area but the hair definitely made me lose my appetite really fast.
First time here. Found this restaurant on yelp. Called to see if they were open on New Year's Day. Vet pleasant lady answered the phone. The restaurant is very nice. The Pho was fantastic. The service and price for 2 meals are fantastic.
I've been a Playa Cabana fan for a few years now: excellent food, fun ambiance, what more could you ask for? Well, service, it turns out.\n\nThe last several times I've been to Playa Cabana, my party and I have been seated within' reasonable time, only to have to wait over an hour for our entreé-- an hour. If this happened once, or even twice, I'd let it go, assuming that the kitchen was understaffed or some other issue, but three times is just one too many. \n\nAdditionally, even if there were some issue with staff, a quick word of warning from the server might give us some options: do we want to order another round of apps while we wait? Are we even okay with such a long wait? But no, in none of these instances were we ever informed that there would be an hour wait after ordering. As a patron, it was frustrating, and as a host to out of town visitors, it was outright embarrassing.\n\nTo the management of Playa Cabana: guests aren't unreasonable. A little communication about a situation can go a long way. As for myself, I won't be coming back or recommending the restaurant until some of these services issues are addressed.
ok, so I went to Zorbas today. first time I've been there since the fire. I'll start 9ff buy saying the food tasted great as expected.\nthat being said I noticed a few things that concerned me. \n1. no longer is there the choice of beef, chicken or lamb. the choices are chicken and a beef/lamb mix. \n2. the meat is no longer sliced to order but sliced ahead of time and kept in a steam table. it tastes better when sliced to order and heated on the griddle.\n3. the Baklava was really tough almost impossible to cut.\nremember, I DID say the food still tasted great.
These are real donuts. Plus they have a breakfast special that includes two donuts and coffee. Their coffee is a high end brew not your normal American diner coffee. If you have young children they will love to watch the donut machine drop the dough into the oil at one end and come out the other end cooked and ready for the topping of your choice. I want one of those machines in my kitchen.\nI loved the powdered sugar and the cinnamon sugar donuts of my youth but they also have all the popular new/strange toppings that are currently popular. Go and enjoy a real donut.
I'd read a few posts on Twitter recently about this cafe offering pulled jackfruit baguettes - pulled jackfruit being a vegetarian/vegan alternative to pulled pork.  Having not really sampled pulled jackfruit before (maybe once at a potluck) and the only place I knew of offering it was one of Glasgow's vegan places,  I was keen to try it. \n\nI'm not really sure what the texture is meant to be like -  soft or chewy. I had it with jalapenos, avocado,  and vegan cheese (Violife) on a bed of nachos,  so I just scooped it all up and inhaled. It wasn't chewy,  but having not eaten pork for over 20 years,  a replacement wasn't really something I was looking out for. Is pulled pork chewy? I have no idea. It was delicious anyway. \n\nService was great and the server said they're looking at making some changes to the menu - which may include vegan pancakes. Will be looking out to see if that options makes the cut!  You can sit in or takeaway.
Decent breakfast establishment but nothing to rave about. My favourite is their brekkie poutine, and their service is great!
A beautiful and cozy little place! Randomly found it while walking around. The interiors are very nice, and clean. They have two patios and excellent custom service. The server was friendly, quick and had great suggestions. This is a great place for families with small kids to visit.\n\nThey have a great menu and tons of vegetarian items. We tried the corn, zucchini tacos and fried avocado. \n\nThe corn was excellent, their version of elotes. Definitely a must try. The zucchini tacos were yummy as it was crispy and has a good amount of salsa. The fried avocado was ok, was not a huge fan and was one small avocado for the price of $9. The prices were okay, but portion sizes were small. The chula beer was excellent and another must try. Also got a margarita with black salt! It was tasty and pretty. \n\nWould come back here and try other items on their menu but mostly the corn and chula beer again!
Just had Happy Hour at Red, WOW! Great food and HUGE menu Tempura Shrimp and vegetables was fresh hot and amazing! I'll be dining here eating my way through the menu as often as I can! Super nice staff! Nice clean friendly environment near Gateway Airport I thoroughly and firmly endorse this restaurant as a refreshing dining experience in the East Valley. Sushi looked Amazing I'll have a "money roll" next time I'm in a seat at Red!
Typically I think of a dry, super dense when you say cake donut. Duck doughnuts are crispy on the outside and rich and buttery inside. Similar to a churro. Best donuts I've ever had. Beware icing is a little sweet. Maple bacon and cinnamon sugar were my favorites.
After craving a Greek Salad all morning, I was trying to find somewhere I could grab a quick lunch,in uptown, and get back to the office.  However, my mind drew a blank, and feel like Greek Salads are hard to come by in uptown.  With that said, I thought I'd give Shomars a try, being that it was close, and I have the chicken pita before and liked. So, I ordered the Greek Salad with chicken and a side pf pita bread.  The chicken was cooked to perfection and the salad was good, very large too.  However, I found the dressing to be a little oily than what I prefer, but will definitely go back for the chicken pita again, love the tzatiki sauce!
our family  got the groupon with $20 in play and an all day unlimited pass. We had a friend who has a POGO pass to use also. We thought this was going to fun way to waste a day were we all disappointed! We normally go to Dave and Buster's and have a blast! 50%  Gameworks games are  broken or aren't working properly in all the times going to Dave and Buster's we only seen one game down and it was repaired within a couple of days. After an hour and half we had played what games we could and were bored.  We didnt even bother  with food because if they cant keep the video games in good shape , i cant imagine what the kitchen looks like!! The only staff member who was nice to us was Troy on Darkride XD.
Yeah, no.  We waited and waited for an outside table.  We were finally on our way there and then we ran into some old neighbors.  Said hello, went to our table and someone else took it.  They apologized, you get the next one.  WTH, 20 minutes later there is one and they gave it to someone else.  The old neighbor went to ask for management.  No one knew who manager was.  Then after one hour of losing the first table we had a table.  Problem, cold, sun going down. Nearly dark.  Three kinds of wine.  Really don't you make more money of alcohol?  They are like we are tequilla bar.  Fair enough, i'll do water.  Food not the best.  Freezing cold outside.  You know the hostess is the most important job.  Figure it out.  Won't be back.  Lovely setting out back, if it wasn't 9:00 when we got a table....
Another successful BDay party at Gameworks. Want to thank our host Lorenzo, party coordinators, and Tommy for making it an awesome BDay party. If your kiddo have food sensitivities, this is a place to come for a party.
The overall experience I had here was not great. It's hard because I wanted to like this place. And I had heard such great things about it. First off, the service was terrible. While our waiter was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu, he was not very attentive. We sat on the outside patio and our waiter forgot about us. He didn't bring us our drinks or chips and salsa until after our food arrived! It was at least 20 min in between the times he came to check on our table. When we finished eating we sat there for 40 min just to get some to go boxes and pay the check. The food was not impressive either. I got the fish taco, which was defiantly the worst fish taco I have had. I also got a chicken taco which was just alright. To top off the experience our table was extremely wobbly and was impossible to eat on. Overall the best part of this experience was the chips and salsa (which were actually really good). Too bad we got them after we had eaten our food! Probably won't be returning.
I ordered a Blue Moon combo, it was my first time. I was impressed with the presentation of the burger and fries. The packaging makes it easy to hold while your eating, thus reducing spillage, if any. They have the new coke freestyle machine, where you choose from all sorts of different flavours. I tried the diet lime coke, and it was delicious. The fries were perfectly cooked, and are with skin; I find fries with some skin have more flavour to them. Now back to the burger; it has to be one of the best burgers I have ever tasted. It was perfectly cooked, the texture was excellent (it wasn't too dry, or to moist- just right), the bun and condiments came nicely together. Everything, that was in the Blue Moon burger complimented each other, in terms of flavour, making it a pleasure to eat. \n\nI will be going back, I just wish they offered a student discount- something like 10% off for students.
This cute beach shack tucked away in a quaint Dupont/ Davenport neighbourhood peaked my curiosity.  I have driven by it a few times and it always looked busy so it was definitely on my hit list to try.  It was a Saturday night on one of our snow falls in Toronto.  It was awful outdoor weather for both driving and walking as people forget how to drive in snow and the flakes are blowing everywhere so it's hard to look up.  I finally stumble into the intimacy of Playa Cabana only to find a very busy and bustling restaurant with all tables full, a line up of folks crowding in the small entranceway and a waiting list that only has openings in about an hour and a half. \nWe luckily get seated only after waiting 15 minutes!\nWe start with the house made guacamole which is delicious and freshly prepared.  It is reminiscent of my favourite guac in the city from Chimichangas (now closed) and the owner may know a thing or two as Dave was the former co-owner there. \nI also want to try the cerviche which is pickerel.  It comes packed with a good kick and is a big appetizer meant for sharing!\nThe vegetarian burrito and it was a humungous portion but so delicious, my friend was able to polish it without issue.  I ordered the baja fish tacos which came grilled \nThey are one of the best fish tacos I've had and I ate at another trendy mexican resto earlier that week so it's a bold statement!  For more heat - we were given 2 house made hot sauces:  the habanero salsa- WOAH - this gives you a big kick of heat but it creeps up on you.   The other one was the roasted chile arboles salsa - which gives you some good heat and is just right for me.\nHasta luego!
This place was a hole in the wall across from the hospital.  The tables are no-fuss and the place definitely has a strip mall vibe.  That said, the salad was amazing. For just $6.50 I received a "small" salad--a large container of mixed greens, romaine lettuce, chicken, blue cheese, raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, blackberries, candied walnuts, and craisins.  The fruit was extremely fresh and was so flavorful that I didn't even need any dressing.  I had to wait a while for the food to be made, but that is because the chicken was piping hot when I received it.  They clearly cooked the chicken to order.\n\nI would highly recommend D'Lish for fresh food that just makes you feel better after eating it.
We ate there yesterday for lunch, food and service were terrible, it was lunch time and only two tables with customers. We both had a burger ordered them med rare, they came out med well..also ordered onion rings but i guess he forgot so we finally got them and they were doughy and not cooked enough. Will never go back YUK!
Had the Octopus Taco (Tacos de Pulpo)\n\nVery fresh and delicious octopus taco. The combination of ingredients (corn, guacamole, and the special sauce) gives a unique taste to this taco.\n\nSpace in the restaurant is pretty small and tight though.
I came here with my sister after reading the good yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. There were lots of options to choose from, I got the Panagio's Western holiday. It was a western omelet wrapped in a tortilla smothered in hollandaise sauce. DELICIOUS! My sister had the basic 3 eggs and turkey bacon and a side of pancakes.. everything was  cooked really well. I am coming back for sure to try some of their other options. It wasn't very busy and all the customers in there seemed to be enjoying their food. Nice little joint and the serve was a little scattered brained but nice.
Fantastic restaurant; family owned, all home cooked from scratch, reasonably priced, wonderful atmosphere, great wines and fantastic service Great for a romantic dinner or large party. Private party rooms opening soon. Stop in and have a great conversation with the owners or enjoy your privacy. Try the pizza or a meal it all is delicious. You will not be let down. Give the owners feedback if you are not thrilled with your meal and they will make you happy. Great place to go if you want something off strip with excellent food.
I brought my son and couple of his friends here after for the first time after a movie. When I first walked in I must say it was an impressive sight. Lots of redemption games and the familiar cluster of noises reminded me of that an arcade is supposed to be. \n\nBut my son and his friends were more interested in the e-sports room, particularly in Mario Kart on the Wii U. When we found out they hold Mario Kart tournaments he was super excited. But concerned parents BEWARE!!!!!! These events along with many others are hosted by an outside person. So like any responsible parent I did a little research on this person who I will leave anonymous. Although I have had no interactions with this person personally, based on some of the vulgarity he posts on Twitter and watching some of his videos, I do not know how a large company like GameWorks could associate with such a person. He is not only unprofessional on his social media but also has no concern for censoring himself around younger people during hosted events it seems. My son was disappointed when I told him he could not attend any of these events but I feel it's my responsibility as a parent is to not allow him to come to these events based on the personality involved. Perhaps these events are geared more for "adults" then it shouldn't be kid games or GameWorks should do a little more research on who they have working for them.
Not worth it. Food is mediocre at best (2 stars) and has gotten progressively worse. During my last visit after three half-filled plates (not even close to being filled up) I was served the bill as a sign of 'you have eaten enough and we want you to go'. No goodbye on your way out (four visits, not one goodbye). \n\nTime to say goodbye to China Buffet and seek out an alternative.
One of my favorite  places to eat! Brunch is wonderful. BISON pizza is wonderful. Beer selection  is amazing.  Service  great.
I'm really on the fence between 1* and 2*.  I hate slating places if it wasn't ALL bad, but there weren't many redeeming qualities..\n\nWe went as a group on a Friday after our other options were 2+ hour waits.  When asked about what they had on tap, the hostess who sat us sounded rude when she said 'your server can tell you that', but I think she was just shy since she was so young.  Our server was pleasant enough, but loved to chat - there was no sense of urgency at all.\n\nThe time it took for drinks to arrive at our table was absolutely ridiculous.  After our first order, the server came back to say half the drinks weren't available.  It then took at least 20 more minutes for my drink to arrive.  We even started ordering two drinks at a time.  The place was almost empty and there were plenty of servers, so I cannot even fathom what the issue was.\n\nThe food was presented well, but in general it was mediocre at best.  The caesar salad tasted exactly like the ready-to-make bags you get at the grocery store.  My pizza was pretty lame and the reviews of the steaks weren't great.  The food was slowish coming out, but additionally we got things we specifically didn't order (like a shrimp skewer on a steak) and soups coming out after the mains, all of which of course was on our bill.  \n\nAt the end, they gave us two huge plates of dessert, which is a nice gesture and we were thankful.  But by then we just wanted to get out of there!  We were obviously drinks-focused, so a smart manager would have comped a round or two of drinks.\n\nAll I'm saying is that there's a reason this place is always empty.  Seems like nice people working there, but they have to get their act together if they want to compete with all the other restaurants in the area.
Pho Linh in hands down the best Pho restaurant in the city.  \n\nOn weekdays (Monday - Thursday) they have the Pho Bo Koh, its a beef noodle stew cooked to perfection...a must try.  \n\nFor those who haven't been to Pho Linh, I would suggest any of the Pho noodles, the broth is cooked to perfection each time with a variety of fresh basil, mint leaves, bean sprouts and lime.  The spring rolls and vermicelli roll is a favourite as well.
Been going here for years and it's still my favorite place. The servers are friendly and the atmosphere is perfect for any occasion!
Charr hosted our company holiday party last night and it was fantastic! Myrah and Joe were great to work with and everything exceeded my expectations. They have a buyout package, so we had the restaurant to ourselves for the evening, and Myrah was great working with our DJ and photo booth and ensuring everything would work for the night of. I arrived before the event started and it being my first visit to charr, I was very impressed with the atmosphere and the staff was working hard to make sure everything looked great. They provided a buffet dinner and the bar was available to employees. Once it got dark, they lit the fire pits on the patio and it had a nice, warm feeling to it. I would definitely recommend them for a private party for a large group (we had about 60 attendees). The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the food was from Aiello's (their sister restaurant), so I can't speak to the food at charr's. But I will definitely return and recommend them based on the service they provided last night and throughout the planning process.
I ordered a big breakfast which consists of 4 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, 2 ham, and 2 fluffy pancakes served with fresh cut fruits, home fries, and thick cut toast. \n\nEverything was so delicious and I always have leftovers - it literally is a really big breakfast! If I had to compare, I would choose this over coras.
We love this place so much we would consider moving if they changed locations, just to stay in their 'nabe. This Ma & Pa have cleaned up the interior a little since the greasy old days, but its still only a step above hole in the wall. The daily line ups of regular Asian families say it all. That and it was recommended to us by a Vietnamese foodie who swears their soup is as good as his Mom's. And my Laotian hubbie has given the cha gio (deep fried spring rolls) the "ALMOST as good as my Mom's" rating, which is as good as it gets!
The food was amazing and they were very accommodating with drinks (asked for a cocktail to be made without sugar and they had no problem). They give an appetizer platter for the table for free, which nearly filled us up as is. The tacos were amazing and the staff friendly and helpful. I only took away a star as it was so loud in there it's hard to hear your table and have to talk on the top of your voice. I'll definitely recommend and will be back, especially if I don't mind a bit of a headache that night lol
I have been here multiple times and it is truly the best place for food on Green Street. I have gone with the gyros both times and have not been disappointed. The food is delicious and the prices are very reasonable. On top of it, the atmosphere gives you a feel to what our culture at U of I is like. Pass up the chains and go to Zorba's. Take it from an ILLINI - you won't be disappointed.
Use to go here at least once a week but customer service became awful and there is better sushi and customer service else where. I no longer go there even though I live close.
We have been coming here since Tandoori Times opened in Scottsdale,   The curries seem to keep getting better and better.   This evening was over the top in quality.   We had the Garlic Naan bread and the Chicken Makhani and Lamb Karahi curries.   WOW, they were SO good tonight!   We had to write in and congratulate the chef on amazing tenderness of the lamb and chicken and the amazing quality, flavor and freshness of the sauces.   BRAVO,  Great job!!!
Stopped in while my phone was being worked on at Sprint. The pastry case is amazing, the insalata italia was so delicious and the minestrone was home made and one of the best I have tasted.  \n\nVisiting was a complete accident, but the return will not be.
This cafe is under new management since October 2011. It employs interns who have graduated from the Culinary Academy for its cooks, and its servers. \nNote that the cafe can be entered without paying admission to the Preserve.\n\nWe split a vegan burger, which they thoughtfully cut in two and served on two plates with tomato, lettuce, 2 pickle spears, french fries,and a scoop each of quinoa salad. When we requested hot sauce our waiter brought two different kinds, then brought a grilled jalapeno pepper to boot! The manager stopped by to ask about our experience. We were among the earlier customers the day we went; lunch crowd was only starting to come in.\n\nWe chatted with our young, eager waiter. We found both the service and the food impeccable! We will be back, when next we are in Las Vegas!
Best Indian food in Phoenix/Scottsdale
Only been here once for breakfast. The place had 4 customers besides me and my hubby. I ordered a chinese breakfast, consisting of daily congee and a choice of dim sum. I got the pan fried turnip cake. The congee was peas and sliced fish. It was ok, bit bland and watery. My husband got a bowl of soup rice vermicelli and an egg sandwich. He said his food was ok. The prices are cheap here and food is ok, not great, but you really can't expect much for the price you pay. They offer lots of dim sum choices too but why get frozen dim sum from here, when you can buy some from T & T and steam it yourself. \nOk for a quick bite to eat, if you can read chinese, you can get a free newspaper too.\nEr, no I haven't been back since.
Checked this place out after reading Yelp reviews. SO happy I did!\n\nThe rice rolls are soooo good. it was my first time having them! I will absolutely order that again next time.\n\nI also ordered Pho and LOVEEEEED the fat, fresh noodles. They were the perfect texture for me. I really really enjoyed the pho. Dinner for two was $25, which is a steal and we were VERY full when we left. \n\nThis place is very small. We must have gotten there at the right time, because by the time we got our food (which was light speed quick) there was a lineup at the door. People didn't seem to mind to wait, either. That's a good sign!\n\nThey do not get 5 stars for service, they didn't return to the table once, but I honestly didn't expect them to. It's an in-and-out kinda place. \n\nI will definitely be back, very very soon. Definitely a hit in my books.
The food is bland and average. Also got yelled at by staff for hanging around too long even though I was still eating fries and the place was empty (they didn't like that I had my laptop out). Overall just not really worth it when there's mashawi almost next door.
I don't know what happened but this place went down hill real bad.  We just went there the other night because passion grill was closed.  When we walked in the front entrance/foyer it was so dirty that I almost turned around.  Then I open the 2nd set of doors, and there were crumbs and food all on the floor.  Why I stayed is beyond me.  The food was horrible!  Dried out, no flavor, and cold!  Waitress was not attentive to our table at all.  There was 7 of us, and any time we needed a refill on drinks she was no where to be found.  Not sure if there are new owners, but this large party will not be returning any time soon!
I have been coming here for two years in a row now, and the first year was a little better, but the place hasn't changed much and the food was exactly the same. The place is huge, and has several halls with long tables. The hall in front has the toilet, products shop (tourist-expensive prices - you can get the same stuff for less in any market in Montreal), and cash register (cash only!). You start off with some nice pickles, then peas soup and bread rolls with butter - don't eat too much bread - the best is yet to come! Afterwards dishes start to poor over the table - beans, potatos, smoked ham, little meat pies, interestingly served omelet in large metal skillet, pork crisps, and Buckwheat pancakes. I think the rule of thumb is "if it goes well with maple syrup - it's on the menu". There is maple syrup on the table and you can add that to whatever you like - including the coffee and tea served at the end. The desert was not good - it was sticky and hot dough with maple syrup. However the maple toffee served in the back yard between the maple trees is great.  Our second visit was on a warm day and the toffee didn't  harden enough - but was still delicious! \nIt's a bring-your-own wine / beer place - so do! It's also an all you can eat stile and you can ask for seconds - but on our second visit a second the meat pies were 2$ extra per piece - which was a bit annoying (we still got them though - sooo gooood!). \nIt's really fun to enjoy a meal here with friends and family - good for the whole family! They even have a small petting zoo.\nThe bottom line - for 28$ per person (+2$ extra for the meat pie, not including tip) I think they can do better. Though it's worth it once a year, to welcome spring!
I love to come here for a solid breakfast. They serve tea in mugs and give you pots to refill with, so you can enjoy full slugs from your mug without having to refill every five minutes. The food is properly prepared and served with a smile, with portions adequate to squash that hangover and fill you up for hours to come. I love the breakfast scrambles, and the menu includes all the regular suspects from pancakes and French toast to eggs benny, omelets, and just plain bacon and eggs. I haven't hit a bad dish yet, and I will continue to fill up on the good food and good value here as long as I can.
My first time visiting today & it was delicious! Got a dozen & my whole family loved them. Good thing I don't live close by or this place could turn out to be a problem for my waistline. The maple bacon was an especially big hit.
Sometimes I get a real hankering for Indian food.  We decided by the reviews we read to try Tandoori Times.  LOVE IT.  We've been back a few times since.  \n\nEverything I've tried there I've loved.  My favorite is the Saag Ghost.  My only disappointment is that they don't serve Pakora's at dinner, and I never make it there for lunch.  But they redeemed themselves by having one of my favorite white wines on the menu (Torrontes).  \n\nThe belly dancer is cool, just make sure you don't sit under one of the speakers in the ceiling, they crank it.
My husband and I came in on a Monday night because we saw they have a $5 Charr burger special. Its hard to beat that price, so we thought we'd give it a shot. I'm glad we did! We both got the Charr burger, and it was great. The meat was cooked perfectly, and I like how they give you one big, thick burger instead of two small ones. The pretzel bun was also good, but could have been pretzel-ier. I wanted to try the turkey burger, but since the $5 special only applied to the Charr burger, I had regular beef. But next time I go back, and I will go back, then I will pay full price and try something else.
I'm giving my most recent experience here a two star.  I would have given zero if it weren't for the excellent customer service.  However, when the food is lacklustre and you are charging premium prices no wonder the restaurant was not busy.  \n\nThe server was awesome and attentive her name was PJ she made sure we were well taken care of.  We started off with some bread that was nice and fresh along with olive oil dip.  We ordered the kid's spaghetti and meatball, penne arrabiatta, and a egg noodle special pasta.  \n\nWhen the kid's spaghetti came it you could tell the noodles were overlooked and just stuck all together and there were two meatballs on top.  My daughter only ate the meatballs and the rest of the pasta was left enough said.  The penne arrabiatta was ok in that it was spicy and had chicken, but the sauce itself was very thick and sticky.  It was very pasty if I had to describe it.  Lastly, my dish came and there was egg noodles, mussels, Italian sausage and broccoli in a saffron sauce.  The eggs noodles again weren't cooked right and the "fresh" egg noodles were stuck together and the sauce was subpar.  The mussels were good but the sausage was so so and I tasted some grit in the pasta probably from the mussel.  \n\nBottom line: save your money and go some where less expensive.  For an upscale Italian restaurant it definitely needs to re vamp it's quality.  Customer service they have down pat, but without the matching food to deliver on the experience it falls short.
Great Bread! Some things are a bit pricey but their cakes and cannolies are a taste sensation, worth the extra. Everything is excellent quality
I know, really, I'm writing a review of McDonald's? Well, there is a good reason. I always pass this McDonald's when I work at a convention on the strip. It's just on my way. I do not eat a whole lot of McDonald's, but sometimes those Golden Arches just call to you.\n\nUsually when I am on my way to work it is early morning and I have just run out of the door and I haven't eaten anything. I tend to swing through this McDonald's through the drive-thru. Usually I just get a coffee (I do have an affinity for their coffee btw), but sometimes I get the breakfast burritos. I won't lie, I'm addicted to these things. Um, I'm not even sure what is really in them, but I really don't care.\n\nAnyway, my experience with their drive-thru staff is always awesome. When it is early in the morning and the McDonald's employees are still being really nice and happy I think that is a good thing. So props to this Mickey D's, you've earned my admiration even if you are a fast food establishment!
I came here with my brother and the atmosphere was very nice. He got the ribs and I got the mahi and both came out with nice presentation and flavor. This is probably the best/most relaxing sports bar in that area of town.
Food is great...service is not-so-great.  If you can handle waiting for a while for your food, water, and the check, then this place is good.  Ambience is okay--not really fancy, but the food is good.  They have a belly-dancer on weekend nights, which is interesting, a bit weird actually and it's loud so you can't hear very well if you want to converse with your own dinner party.
And presto... the medium to crappy pub becomes a fun, happening Mexican place with great food and and good service.  Tacos, sangria, enchiladas... all Met or exceeded expectations, and came out lightening fast!  The patio is the place to be if you can get a seat.  Eat local, eat often and enjoy!
Best chicken pho. Nice deep fried vermicelli rolls too. Try the chili oil.  Cash only. Atm downstairs.
I'm not a fan of cake doughnuts and I'm extremely loyal to their sister, yeast. But that didn't stop me from standing in line on a Saturday morning to try these out. These doughnuts are worth the hype. They are fresh and warm and dipped immediately into your choice of frosting and toppings as soon as you order. The cake is fluffy and soft. These are damn good and well worth the wait!!
This bar is such a cool space! We're so happy it took the place of Bonnie & Clyde's--which was smelly, dark, and overall not a place I ever wanted to be unless I was inebriated already. But Yuzu is a completely different vibe. \n\nLots of seating, both bar space and a dining room, nice lighting (not too dark), and the music was at the perfect volume (perfect for having conversations without having to yell). Basically, it's a great place to come have a few drinks and sit and talk with friends. Definitely not the kind of bar to get wasted at (checkout the bar next door for that).  \n\nAs for the drinks, Yuzu really gets it right! The cocktail menu is extensive and we had a really hard time deciding what to try. We ended up going with 3 am Snap Stories, Florida Georgia Lime, and Gojira. Totally recommend all of them, but my favorite was 3 am Snap Stories. It's a tropical drink and perfect for summer. Everything was priced really well, not too expensive for craft cocktails. \n\nDidn't try any food but we plan to go back and change that. Someone next to us got the fries which looked and smelled so good. And everything else we saw coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled good as well. \n\nThe bar staff was really friendly and very attentive. They were really helpful when we had questions about the drinks. Our favorite bartender from B&C's was there serving too, which was cool. \n\nIf you're looking for a place in Lakewood to have some good food, drinks, and chill with friends then definitely check out Yuzu!
Was here on a business lunch with a colleague.  I had the Arizona burger.  The bun was burnt stiff on one side and the burger, and while good in theory, was ok at best.  Definitely could have done better.  I just don't understand why these places try and get fancy and butcher an American classic.  I don't need a fancy bun, especially if it's burnt, and if you aren't going to season the meat, at least make up for it in other areas.  The fries and southwest sauce was pretty good though.\n\nOn another note, there was a cold seafood bar near the kitchen, so I'm not even sure what theme they are going for here.  I can get surf and turf somewhere else, not at a burger joint.\n\nIf I lived close, I would give it another try, but don't expect it to blow you away.  Just another trendy burger joint in my honest opinion.
I have had a great servicebefore but when I went to this Red Lobster we got Anthony has our waiter and he was beyond fantastic he was at our table every 2 minutes and he was always asking us if we needed anything it was so polite if you go here I recommend Anthony p
Amazing food, good service. Ate at great restaurants in Mexico. This place is as good or better!
Probably one of the few places in the new Urban Eatery that's worth trying out. Not the best in Indian cuisine, but definitely good for takeout standards. A bit on the pricey side, but really satisfying if you're ready to splurge.
We came here for lunch with family before dropping them off at airport; the service and food were really on point. Liked the happy hour menu because you could order small plates for $4.00 and get sushi which was in my opinion the best sushi I have had in a long time. I had The Garlic Tuna, which was great. All the rolls we ordered were really good.  The rolls were between 10 and 15 dollars. The fish was very fresh and big rolls so we were not disappointed ! This restaurant Left a good impression, the place was clean, our food came out fast, and the "house " salad was awesome! I should have taken pictures :( \nI will be coming back!
Sitting here and not wanting to wait until I leave to draft this review. This place is cozy, sofa seating is nice. That's where it ends. Really inventive menu with no follow through on the quality of food. My fiancé got the steak and eggs which was a joke for $15. It looked like a senior's portion at some crap breakfast restaurant like Perkins. I got the wedge salad and a bowl of Mac and cheese - can't really screw either up I guess - but nothing memorable.\nYeah, the girls are wearing nothing - but I couldn't care less...its more the creepy old married men without their rings on that upsets me. Don't you have somewhere else to be, old balls?\nI'd pass if you are thinking about a visit to brick whatever.
This is my favorite place to go for an amazing meal, superb service and an adult milkshake... yes you read that right! I have been enjoying the patio with my dogs for years! Whenever I have friends or family in town we always go to Charr. Occasionally we'll see the roadrunner make an appearance on the patio. Joe, the owner, runs a phenomenal three restaurants! It's obvious the staff are happy, appreciated and love what they do. The truffle fries are to die for and when you're craving a dessert and adult beverage you can kill two birds with one stone. I have recommended Charr to many people over the years and will continue to!
I've been back several times since the reopened. Everything is just as good as it has ever been. This is still on my must eat list when I come home for a visit. During these holiday periods, you can get in and out in under and hour if you are a quick eater like me. There are a couple TVs that play sports (from what I've seen) if you wanna relax and take in some games. Check out the daily specials. Zorba's is currently up for sale. I hope they get a buyer cause these are best gyros ever.
I would have to say that the only experience I ever had at this restaurant was not pleasant. The wait staff was very inattentive and somewhat cold and abrupt. The place didn't seem very clean and none of us at my table of five were very pleased with her food. We figured that since that been in business for a while they would have maybe perfected some of the beginning issues, but apparently they still hadn't gotten it right so we will not be returning or recommending this is a good restaurant as it would be a reflection on our taste.
We ran through their driveway yesterday after church. Our order was wonderful... But my mom's meal was missing one of the main ingredients. That was remedied by packets of sauce that they gave us through the window.\nI've been to this particular location because it's closest to my home and I've been there several times. They are always very courteous and seem to be genuinely friendly... Not put on.\nI'm a little bit of germsphobic so I'm always keeping an eye out for restaurant ratings,  and these guys had a great one. A lot of people don't realize that it's very hard to get 100% in a restaurant rating. They generally don't give that Hi of a grade and usually knock off two points to start. This particular location had a great  sanitation rating which I will post a picture of. \n\nThey were very kind and gave my mother a senior citizen drink for free.
Really good burrito and the guacamole is delicious. Pairing that with a sangria mhmmmm.... Must try! The patio is really nice as well!
Underwhelmed. When I first saw this place on Yelp I figured the address was wrong. This neighborhood has never been known for food and a trendy place like this was so unexpected.\n\nUnfortunately my first time there on a Saturday afternoon found them closed with no visible hours. There  were already reviews on Yelp so I figured maybe they'd only had a soft opening. Nope, turns out they just have weird hours.\n\nAfter trying to call today to confirm they were open for  dinner (no answer, generic voicemail) I ventured over anyway. Luckily they were open and I confirmed that the hours listed on Yelp are accurate. I had to add both the restaurant and the hours to Google Maps. \n\nThe inside of the place is gorgeous and trendy so I had high hopes walking in. The menu is small and straightforward. I ordered tonkotsu ramen and asked if I could add extra pork. The waitress blinked and me and said "Uhh, I guess we could do that" like she had never heard of that before.\n\nIn general the two people working the front were both nice. I wish I had liked the ramen more but my first bite of noodles tasted undercooked so I pushed them down and let them sit for a few mins. Their noodles definitely taste like the egg noodles they are. The pork belly was unimpressive to me. The broth was good but not great.\n\nSince it was 110 degrees outside and I was eating hot soup I would have appreciated a little more air conditioning than what they had going. I was happy to get back in my car and turn the AC on.\n\nI'd like to say that I'll come back in a few months and see how they're doing but right now I'm not very excited about the thought.
Oh Kitchen M... Food wise this place is mediocre and there is Phoenix just up a bit farther on McCowan.\n\nI've been here twice now and both times, the service we received is pretty bad. It seems almost all the staff are grumpy or have some sort of attitude. I will say though, that there is one server who is sassy but entertaining because of how blunt she is.\n\nThe restaurant itself is decently furnished. As a fan of Hot Toys, the owner here has a decent display of various Iron Man figures. \n\nGo at your own risk!
Love! Love! Love! I work at 22nd Avenue and McDowell and there really isn't much in the way of healthy food that's relatively quick and won't cost you an arm and a leg. Organic and NON-GMO is something that's also very important to me, but good luck finding all three of those things within 10 miles of my work. \n\nI first found D'Lish on Urban Spoon around a month ago, and have since been back enough to fill up my "buy 7, get your 8th free" card. I cannot say enough great things about this place! I've tried something new every time I've gone back and have yet to find something I didn't love. And, their garlic fries.... I'm practically drooling now just thinking about them! Not to mention the complimentary strawberry basil water!\n\nIf you haven't gone here yet, you don't know what you're missing. This place makes eating healthy feel like a treat!
everything was fresh and prepared to perfection! my husband and i ordered the ceviche, tortilla soup and chorizo for appetizers. we had the last order of ceviche available for the night and am so happy we decided to get it. the chef prepared it fresh and even asked us if we wanted it a bit spicy. (ceviche of the day 9.00)\nthe chorizo is locally made and the flavor of the sausage is superb. it is presented sliced in a heavy drizzle of sauce. (chorizo conquistador 8.00)\nthe tortilla soup was perfectly spiced. (sopa de tortilla 6.00)\n\nfor dinner we decided on the chipotle marinated ribeye cooked medium and short rib crispy tacos.\nthe steak was grilled and accompanied by rice, bean, guac, greens and lime. the steak was slightly undercooked so they quickly regrilled and the second attempt was perfect.  (rib eye asada 18.00)\nthe three crunchy shortrib tacos were so good. stuffed with braised short ribs and brisket topped with greens crumbled queso blanco tomatoes and pico de galo. they were devoured. it comes with three sauces to adorn it but really not needed. sauces were a green tomatillo, red and guac. (12.00) i ordered side of rice and beans (2.00)\nmojito majado was so refreshing. brought back memories of south beach's ocean drive. (8.00)\nchef sent out the most delicious passion fruit gelato (for the steak needing to be regrilled.) which was appreciated!\ntotal came out to 75.71 with taxes and my two orders of pepsi/coke.\n\ni will be back this week for dinner yet again. it was that good!
Whew.... burrito bros or playa cabana? That would be a tough decision for me. Each are completely different establishments yet both will give you a full stomach.\n\nFull marks for the menu and the variety. I eyed a good five or six dishes to try and was nearly disappointed when I realized I had to choose one. \n\nA bit slow on the service but the ambience is quite fun. It's busy at lunch and I'm sue it's busier at dinner. I can only imagine how hard it would be to find a seat at that hour.\n\nWe had a group of six and they accommodated us well. No complaints there. I hope to enjoy more burritos in the near future here.
Are you listening Olive Garden management?  The hostesses were very friendly when greeting us as we walked in.  And the service?  Ashley was an AMAZING server.  I can't even think of enough compliments .  We were totally indecisive and she recommended wines and entrees and never rushed us as we looked over the menu.  Perfect timing for refills, etc., and seemed genuinely friendly and smiling.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, it has proven that good customer service does still exist!!!
Decided to be festive and celebrate cinco de mayo this year and found/chose Playa cabana based on Blog TO & yelp reviews.\n\nThe place is small and quaint, but is very popular in the evening creating a very tight space. However I could look past that because the food is amaaaaazing! My boyfriend and I ordered drinks, snapper ceviche, chorizo tacos & short rib tacos and finished off with churros. It was truly a love at first bite! At first I was worried about portions, as everything look small on yelp, however food was soo filling! The staff was warm and welcoming however they were not as attentive as they should've been. They were quick to seat us & say hello but didn't take initiative to check on their tables, instead most servers were huddled around the bar just socializing. This caused quite a waiting game when I was in need for water or when we wanted to order our mains & dessert. I'd only hope the service is better the next time.
I went for lunch and the next day for dinner. The food is average over all. But when the bruscetta arrived very very salty, and nothing was done about it, I was disappointed. Customers need to be satisfied to compete. The pizza was thin crusted and flavourful. The lasagna was average. Would I go out of my way to go back again, no.
Good food, in the past it was much better not sure why the change but still good. \nTake out is really the way to go, I think you get more food, they have all types of Asian food so it was nice to venture out and try something I've never seen on a Chinese food menu. Small but nice bar area that you are able to eat at.
My children ask to return to GameWorks each Saturday and Sunday. The weekends are set for fun at GameWorks.
This was my first time eating at Firehouse.  I had heard a bunch of rave reviews from people I know, but it wasn't really for me.  The location was clean and well staffed and the food was okay, but I won't be back unless someone else insists on eating there.  I got the Italian combo.  The sandwich was fresh but loaded with sauce and seemed to sit like a rock in my stomach.  I guess I just like a good simple sub sandwich.  This place just seems to be overdoing it for me when it comes to what they put in their subs.  Next time it's subs for lunch I'll be at Jimmy John's.
I wish I could write a review about how excellent the food was at D'lish but I don't know. The website says they are open Monday through Sunday from 10 - 3; however, when we arrived at 11:10 Sunday, the doors were locked and it was dark inside contrary to the "Come in.  We're open. " sign on the door. The hours on the door were 10:30 - 3. No big deal.....just a half hour difference from the website but if you call the message on the answering machine informs you that they are open Monday through Friday only. What is it? Are they open on weekends or not?  I tried to get the answer by messaging them on the website only to receive an error stating that the message could not go through. I guess they don't want the business with all the inconsistency. What a waste of a Restaurant.com gift certificate!
Gave it a few tries before posting.  As a true pizza connoisseur, go elsewhere.  The dough is stretched nicely but something must be wrong With their oven as they do the pizzas, subs, everything on trays so you don't get the flavor of a seasoned over.  Tough dough.  Severely overpriced.  Walk down to Mineos.
Police Station pizza will open in Feb 2015 at 1124 park manor blvd ROBINSON Town centre. The location will have 48 seats and offer a expanded menu. Brian looks forward in supplying you with great pizza and pasta soon.
WE had a very nice meal here while visiting the Phoenix Art Museum.  The food was fresh tasting and had a good flavor.  I had the beet salad with chicken and it was very tasty and filling  We had the prickly pear lemonade which was sweet and refreshing.  The waiter gave us a carafe for the table which was nice.  Service was very good and it was a nice lunch.  There is outdoor seating when the weather is cooler.
Definitely not a replacement for Montesanos. Average food at best and terrible service. We were one of four tables being served during lunch and the server spent more time behind the front counter than helping guests.
One of the best doughnuts in city. Cinnamon sugar and glazed are my fav. Yummyyyyyy...............................
Delicious food in sizeable portions- I never finish my plate! Place is a bit small but the ambiance is great. Perfect for a date or brunch date with friends. Coffee is delicious!
Great service, food, and ambiance! Recommend it to anyone looking to have some tasty ramen.
This place is NOT the Grind, Zinburger or even Delux Burgers. Not even close. The owner thinks it is but he should at least TRY these places and  then UPGRADE the beef and the preparation and the knowledge of the service. Only then could you possibly justify the prices!  PLEASE get a clue, I live a block from here and old really appreciate The Grind II NOT another Amaccapanes!!
Amazing place! We had the Margarita Pizza, the Caesars Salad and the Fresh Pappardelle Con Asparagi e Pillo! AMAZING!!! Very nice employees and owners. We will be back and suggest to others. Thank you!
Went here for my first time last week, and it's definitely the best place for subs!  I've been hearing about it for weeks; friends and family simply rave non-stop about it.  I figured it must be good, and I was sick of people begging me to go.\n\nIt's not much more than Subway, but it tastes sooo much better, and you get a lot more for your money.\n\nI can't wait to take my husband here.
Since the first time I went, Barrio has always been one of my favorites... I didn't always have time to make it to the downtown locations and then they opened this gem! Been several times and every single time has been a positive experience. From the wait staff to the bartenders to the hosts and hostesses it's always friendly and seamless.  The beer selection is tremendous and the build your own taco is my favorite as I like to try several combinations of flavors to appease my tastebuds. This remains one of my favorite restaurants around and you can't beat the delicious food and drink and friendly atmosphere, especially for the price. Keep up the good work. I'll be back soon lol!
I'm from the bay area land of all things good eats, so I'm always leary about trying new places in Phoenix. I tried this spot on my birthday because I really wanted indian food, but specifically because the website said they had belly dancing entertainment.  Drove all the way there to find out belly dancing only happens Friday and Saturday...bummer! \n\nOk so food...it was hella spicy and I like spicy food. But my children couldn't eat it. Everyting was one note of spicy so it was hard to enjoy the good flavors. Worse off is you didn't have much to wash it down with since there are no refills on drinks, but thank heavens for the HOT chai table at least.  To top it off I think the prices are wayyy to high as you have to order everything, rice and naan are not included wih the meals!! Every other indian spot I've been to that is standard. Overall the ambience was quaint but I'm sad to say I've had better and didn't have to spend over $60 for tandoori chicken, spinach paneer, samosas, and pesto naan!!!
This was the second time I have come to charr. The restaurant is really cool and appealing to the eye. The food is really really good. I have had the buffalo chicken sandwich and on this trip I had the Carolina burger. The fresh handmade garlic bun is an awesome addition to any burger. I have zero complaints as far as food goes.  Food gets 4 stars. \n\nMy issue with this place is the service, or lack there of. Upon arrival there were two other tables that were occupied. It still took 10 minutes to get a drink. 15-20 minutes after that we got to order food. The food arrived after a reasonable amount of time. I felt like I wanted to pay my bill at that time so we could leave in a timely manner and not be held bill captive.  Service gets 2 stars. \n\nI want this place to survive because it is a local business with great food. Service issue needs to be resolved to reflect the price point of food. There are a million places to go get a $12.00 entree and a $5.00 beer, give me a reason to want to spend my money here.
Really great food (high quality, clean, incredible flavor) service, atmosphere and music. Finally found our official Sushi/Pho Soup spot near home. Their story of how they became makes them even better! Very impressed!! 5 STARS
Went back for dinner and was sad my delicious sandwich was a lunch-only item :(\n\nDinner is much more expensive but I went with my in-laws so no $ out of my pocket and yes, very busy considering its about $30 pp so I didn't receive the same excellent service. With my husband I wouldn't go back due to the cost + lack of service but if someone else is paying, SURE! ;) \n\nI would recommend the butternut squash ravioli which was delicious and the spumoni ice cream. It's a clown-coloured slice of ice cream that is super fruity, very kid like but apparently is a traditional Italian dessert.
My husband and I absolutely LOVE this place!! Their food is amazing, always tons of flavor! We have tried other Indian spots, but this one is a notch above the rest. We especially love the vindaloo and the chili naan. Awesome!
First time trying this new establishment. Was a frequent guest at Montesanos and was sad to see them go. As some of the previous reviewers have said, I also didn't think anything could replace them, but my expectations have been exceeded. From the complementary bread to the pasta and home made desserts, everything was overall excellent. My group tried the spaghetti and meatballs, eggplant parm and the pizza. The pasta, sauce and cheeses were all very fresh. I wouldn't say the pizza was quite as good as I had hoped, but still very solid. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I will definitely be back soon.
Great food and fast service! We ordered the roast beef and old fashioned meat sandwich! The  #soooogoood!
1st time having Lamb vindaloo and I was hooked! It didn't seem like a big portion at first and thought really? This is it? But by the time I was half way through dipping the great sauce with my fresh naan, I swear the button on my pants wanted to fall off. The service was great and the gentleman was very helpful. He would always refill our water without us even asking. I've always liked things like that. \n\nThe Chicken Tikka Marsala was also top notch! Soft pieces of chicken, onions and green peppers. Mmmmmm! So if you're in the area you have to check it out :)
I was brought here by two friends who live in Illinois, though not exactly in Chicago proper, who have been gushing about how good Luke's of Chicago's iIalian beef sandwiches for YEARS!  Now ever city has something it's known for: Boston has its baked beans, New York has its pizza, Hawaii has anything with pineapple or coconut on it, and Philadelphia has its cheesesteak sandwich.  Chicago has been lucky enough to have two specialty food items it's well known for - pizza and italian beef sandwiches - which must be why they were generous enough to share one of them with the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. According to my friends,  Luke's of Chicago was a family owned chain back in Chicago and one of the family members moved out to the Phoenix and that's why this one exists.  \n\nNow, I'm writing this review from (Davis) Illinois, but that certainly doesn't make me an authority on what makes for the best Italian beef sandwiches having very little basis for comparison.  What I DO know is that the sandwich I was served last Monday at this particular location of Luke's of Chicago - an Italian beef sandwich, baptized (dunked or doused in warm meet juices) and layered with sweet peppers and cheese was PRETTY FREAKIN' AMAZING.  I'm serious, this was a freakishly good sandwich, worth doing a little extra driving for.  My friends assure me that this is the best Italian sandwich I'll ever taste, and I may do a little comparison shopping while I'm in Illinois to figure out if that is indeed true or not.\n\nWe also ordered some regular french fries and garlic parmesan fries to share and I admit I am also a fan. It was 114 F in Phoenix the day we came here, not a day you'd normally be looking to eat something hot, but that didn't dissuade us since we were on a mission.  I come out to Phoenix once a year from California but this was my first experience at Luke's, my friends went without me last year - still not sure I've forgiven them for that.
Still love the food at the restaurant however I do have one complaint. The music. I'm sorry but I don't think rap music is appropriate as ambiance for a wonderful Italian restaurant. Nothing against rap music as I love all music but not for the Italian experience and not loud as it was. \n\nMaybe re-think music choice?  Thanks
My boss took me out to lunch here once, and I was very pleasantly surprised at the flavor and price of the lunch specials. Mostly everything I have tried at Tandoori Times has been good. The naan is so fresh and warm, and when you request spicy, that's what you get. Enter the mango lassi, which is really good. It helps cool your mouth when you're eating something fiery.\n\nThe only thing I have a complaint about are the tandoori appetizer wings, as there was less meat on them than I have seen on any chicken wing, plus it was WAY too spicy. I also felt like $10 was way too much to ask when you have to basically get your nutrition from the dish by sucking on bones. But, hey...who am I to judge, right? Had they toned the flavor just a bit on that dish, I might have given it another try. However, bleeding from my esophagus is not how I'd like to spend my lunch hour. \n\nAside from the wings from hell, I love Tandoori Times. It is authentic, affordable and right around the corner from my job. 4 stars.
Fresh fresh fresh - you see the donut cooking while you order. They are custom and made to order. Toppings are delicious but even the bare donut is sweet enough. The crisp outside and soft warm middle. Duck Donuts is definitely the best donuts I have had and I would recommend them to all. The only thing is they need to be eaten fairly quickly, they lose that awesome crisp after they have cooled down.
We ordered a pizza and wings for the FIRST and LAST time from this store.  We had a very busy day and decided to try a pizza from Papa Johns on 35th Ave. and Northern.  We ordered on line (rather than from our 'regular' pizza place).  I ran to the grocery store and then stopped to pick up our delicious hot 'freshly' made pizza.  The two men at the front stated that we had not ordered a pizza from them and "checked" other stores in case I made a mistake.  Sorry fellas...got back home and guess the freak what.....;.I did order from that location, we checked online under our "account" and yep....our pizza and wings were oredered from them......I was made to feel like an idiot !  We will NEVER again order from this store.   We order pizzas about once per week....but not from Papa Johns......
Went here with my brother to grab a bite to eat on Boxing Day--needless to say, the food court was a total zoo!\n\nDespite that, we braved the line and got lamb vindaloo bowls with chana masala. The meal itself had some good flavor. It was pretty spicy though, and that's coming from someone who can handle a little bit of spice. Nevertheless, I don't understand the super low ratings, as the food has good flavor and portions were decent.
For a Chinese buffet this was pretty good. Lots of choices, good flavors, decent sushi. There is a hibachi too with different ways of cooking ingredients (that you get to pick yourself).
This place is very average, nothing really wrong with it just not spectacular. Prices are decent too. Best taco here by far is the Lengua (tongue) probably sounds gross to most of you, but the meat is very tender. Problem they only have it half the times that I go there. Also on tuesdays they have a 99 cent taco option, which is basically a deep fried taco with ground beef and some cheese which is alright..
Best Indian Food there is. I get the Chili Prawns every time with the potato naan bread. If you like spicy, get Chili Prawns or Chili Chicken. It's perfection. I crave their naan bread daily. Only complaint is that the service is pretty slow. Our waiter was VERY nice and friendly which made up for the slow service. The bellydancer....kinda awkward. Some people we were with were into it, but it was uncomfortable and I basically wanted her to leave our table alone. haha. Honestly, it's more like a stripper dancing in front of you as your trying to have a nice romantic dinner with your boyfriend...what a treat! :P Go during the week to avoid the awkward dancer with abnormally loud music. But the food is worth everything else and i'm giving this 4 stars for the food only. We drive from Gilbert to Phoenix all the time for this place. The drive is worth it! :)
Duck Donuts was the biggest culinary disappointment of 2015 for me. Why am I giving them 4 stars then you ask? Because it's not them it's me. Unfortunately I am in the yeast risen donuts camp and I refuse to acknowledge cake donuts as a legitimate donut.\n\nThat said I still really enjoyed their fresh out of the fryer cake donuts. Though some of the glazes were a bit too sweet for me such as the maple glaze the salty toppings help curb some of that sugar. Their store employees are helpful and the place is clean and no nonsense. Get your donuts, get your coffee and get to work.\n\nA charming concept that may bring me back if I am ever in a donut emergency and there is no yeast risen donut option around.
I like this place.  It's close to home and everyone leaves with a smile in there face.  Resctable pho and shushi.  Good food, beer and wine.  Broad menu for a family run shushi resturant.
The garlic tuna and Alaska roll are our family favorites.  We have been coming here for years.  Easy to get a table 99% of the time.  Frequently small mistakes in service occur but are minor (such as delayed drinks or waiting a little long on the bill).  We canNOT find better sushi anywhere around the area.  It is so good!  We stop in several times a month.  It is worth a little extra patience with the servers. I debated about giving it five stars but the sushi itself is five star worthy everytime!
I haven't been too many different indian restaurants, but food here is always good. I've never been disappointed. I get take out here at least 2-3 times/month. Their garlic naan is really good. They have a nice little patio as well if you're dining in.
Clean. We were welcomed and sat. Ordered got our food quick. \nEgg rolls with pork are really good but small for the price. \nChicken soup and beef pho was extremely flavorful. \nWe are happy we tried this place. We will come again.
I like that Barrio open late night. With tacos, chips and environment, this is one of the best place for dinner......\n\nBrunch on Weekend---great as well\n\n------Update-----\nThey have changed their hours. Now they open until 1AM....so sad. I wish they would open til2 or 2.30 like they did.
I'm not going to lie - have never been the biggest fan of Mexican food. That being said, had a very good experience here. I think what stands out the most is really the atmosphere of the place - very European feel. A real pleasure to go to.\n\nFood was 7/10. Had the beef flutes, civiche, guacamole, salsa, and fish tacos. Overall, very well prepared, but the tastes weren't 100% to my liking, again, possibly biased haha.\n\nAnyways, the group was very happy with the meal, and the Sangria was pretty good (ask for less ice). Parking isn't too hard to find by the way, but you should expect to look on the streets. I'd say it's a great date place as well.
Not with another visit. Saturday nite not busy. Should have known. 1st wine on wine list Prosecco out. Went to Aiellos and they were out. How is an Italian restaurant out of  Prosecco?  Do not get the shrimp salad. The dressing is store bought, the shrimp was over cooked and was so bland. Asked for new and got worse. We sat at the bar only patrons, Husband only got water and had to asked for refills. Moscow Mule and bbq burger were tasty, hence the 1 star. Again not with another visit.
Eating on couches or lounging in comfy recliners....uh yea thats totally awesome. Tons of TVs with lots of sports...a roaring fireplaces inside and outside...five stars for ambiance. \n\nWe came here when they first opened and werent impressed...now a few years later, I am a fan. \n\nThey offer brunch on the weekends with two buck mimosas. The variety is great...def a meat based menu which is perfect for my carnivorous boys. I had the duck hash...I just plain heart duck. My over easy eggs were a little overdone. My son got the special the consisted of pork cop, rib and wings....he loves the sauces and the pork chop was cooked well and not over done. \n\nService is prompt, friendly and efficient. \n\nThis maybe our new fav brunch spot.
good for fancy food. You don't get a ton of bang for your buck but you do get quality flavorful entrees. I had the feta and beet salad and it was yummy. However I left feeling hungry.
Came here for games and tea with a friend. Super cozy and hippie feeling, which I loved. \n\nTheir game selection is okay, with lots of well known games, but nothing too out of the ordinary. \n\nTea selection is amazing! Not your weird new age tea flavours, more of a subtle spin on classic teas (which I like a lot better than your new cotton candy, or birthday cake type flavours). \n\nThe owners and super friendly too.
My wife and I were looking for a good Indian restaurant in Scottsdale and came across Tandoori Times thanks to Yelp.  The reviews were positive, service was question mark.  We were prepared for the wait.  We went on Sat. Night at 6:30 and sat right down.  We were well fed and walking out in just about an hour.  The service was friendly and great.  The Garlic and Onion Naan were great as recommended, so was the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag.  We are locals and like some spice in our food.  We are used to ordering spicy Mexican and it being just right.  We did the same here, "Wow" they meant it.  Loved it, but had a nice sweat going.  We were told after that mild is a 5 on spice meter, what we had was 8 out of 10.  You might try mild first trip.  \nI did not give 5 stars due to that being a rare mark, for off the chart experience, like the old Sea Saw or Binkley's.  We left with a great dinner experience and a take out menu.  We will go back, maybe mild next time.
Yum!!! Maple Bacon is by far the best!! Coconut lemon was also delish! Chocolate & peanut butter was so-so. It is all the same cake donut covered in your choice of toppings. Can't wait to go back & try more!
Just under a 5 rating on most counts. (I initially scored it a 4 but went back to change to a 5 after reading my own review before posting.) Innovative concept- although probably inspired by Krispy Kreme's operating equipment to form and cook the donuts so you can get a just-made warm product. \n\nBasic in that there is only one real donut type made, with the variety coming in the eyes of the customer who chooses a glaze and a topping. For me, the peanuts topping beat out the bacon one, but it's all personal. No filled donuts offered. \n\nNormally one finds cake donuts dry. But the beauty here is how moist and rich they taste. Cooked to slightly underdone, I assume on purpose, they were incredibly delicious. \n\nOnly negative might be that they can become cloyingly sweet after a gob of glaze. Maybe next time I'll try a plain one.  \n\nI applaud them on pricing. Individual donuts are $1.20 each, certainly enough for a good profit, but reasonable for this special treat- and probably why there can be crowds inside (wait goes quickly though).
I don't get the bad reviews.  They have good, solid burgers, with lots of options and unique ingredients.  Try it, you won't be sorry (unless your standard for a good burger is McDonald's, then go to McDonalds)...
Disappointing... food was not good, they messed up our order, did not take anything off the bill for doing so and when I asked about why they gave me attitude and were very rude.
Blast from the past. This dim sum restaurant has been around for as long as I can remember! Very traditional and super old school with the golden phoenix and dragon backdrop at the back of the restaurant and middle-aged Chinese ladies pushing around dim sum carts. This restaurant serves some pretty solid dim sum without breaking the bank. No frills, nothing fancy. Decent service. I would certainly be back.
Opted to try D'Lish to cater a lunch meeting. OMG, awesome. The sandwiches were great and all of the hungry men I was feeding walked away full. The delivery service was perfectly on time and I could not have asked for better customer service while placing my phone order. Again, great service and d'lish food. I'll for sure be using D'Lish again the next time I need catering.
This place ain't much to look at, but the pho is on point.  This place serves your basic Vietnamese cuisine that is consistent and fast. I mostly get the rare beef and brisket pho, but sometimes order the grilled pork and rice with an egg on it.
Some of the games can get pricey, but it's a great treat for kids off all ages, young to old. Enjoy the fact that the adults are able to relax with an adult beverage, there is a bowling alley & restaurant. I've been here twice, taking the same 9 year old and we had a blast over his Christmas break.
I can not believe what I found in my curry octopus. I am absolutely DISGUSTED! And will NEVER RETURN! I told the server and all he did was say "Oh..." and then he took it away. He came back apologized and told me he would take it off my bill. I can't believe they had the audacity to make me pay the bill after such a disgustingly dirty meal. I could get sick and food poisoning from this! You have been warned! STAY AWAY! Unless you want to eat bugs/maggots/larvae etc
Nice local bakery. Not everything is made by them but a lot of stuff is. I love their canolis.
the absolute best vegan pho anywhere.  seriously - and the owner is extremely nice.  stellar service, chill atmosphere.   I've found my spot!
Wow, this has to be the cutest restaurant in Toronto! It reminds me of NYC restaurants in West Village. It's a little small (maybe around 12 or 15 tables?), but not crammed. Dark wood and tons of framed pictures and posters make a very intimate setting for small gatherings and good conversations. \n\nBrunch menu is pretty standard, but the quality of food is amazing. I got a Veggie and blue cheese wrap and it was HEAVENLY! Friends got a egg benedict and egg florentine and those were amazing too. The atmosphere was really chill, we sat there for 2 hours and no one rushed us to get the check or anything like that. It was very relaxing and comfortable.\n\nMinus one star for the slightly slow service. They were a little understaffed for a full house. Staff were all very nice and professional though. Will definitely go back for lunch/ dinner again!!
My in-laws took us to this place last night, saying it was one of the best Italian places they'd ever been too!\nAfter last night... I'll never doubt their epicurean recommendations!\nThis place was AMAZING!!  \nTwo of us had the spaghetti and meatballs... three meatballs with this entree proved too much for us to eat while there!! (See picture) \nOne has the spaghetti with hot peppers (can't remember the name) and she loved it!!  The other had the meatball appetizer with a bed of angel hair pasta  (he is not crazy about having a lot of marinara sauce!!\nAt the end of the night, we were all VERY happy with our choices!!\nBe sure to save room for dessert!
In between our office and hotel, this was the perfect choice for us. We were seated in the back alcove . They sell beers by the bucket so we said why not? Our server was nice and didn't rush us or anything. I got the carnitas tacos and they were good. Pretty authentic food.
My husband & I just finished an EXCELLENT lunch at Red Lobster. I had Shrimp Tacos with Caesar Salad & hubby had Tilapia. All was well prepared and served. Our waitress, Lucy, was personable and prompt. Would definitely come back!
Terrible Terrible!!! Went her last week. Food was stale and old.  Tasted terrible. Told the server. He ignored my comment. I think he went to the owner and he ignored it. I have been coming here and have good experiences before. Very sad state of affairs. No apology , no credit no discount offered. Avoid at all costs!!\n\nI visited the restaurant on March 10th around 8:30 pm. I don't remember the server name. I would expect some sort of credit for the inconvenience and poor quality of food.\n\nI did complain to the server. He did not do anything. This shows how much you value your customer. \n\nUpdate : \nOwner has refuse to refund and saying that I didn't complain to the server which is not true. This shows how much tandoori times value their customers. Will never go there again!! 0 stars !!
Best donuts in Charlotte!!  The concept of being able to order what icing and toppings you want is genius.  They make it right then and there for you so they are warm and fresh!  Peanut butter icing with chocolate sprinkles is delicious, but just the plain glaze donut melts in your mouth. The prices are great too!
Nice place to eat sadwiches "Banh Mi" very quickly, few tables and many choices.\n\nJust need nicer light and nice music...\n\nJust beside of St Michel subway.
Went here this morning for the first time after reading numerous reviews and looking at all the delicious looking donuts in the reviews. Got here at about 830(good smells upon entry) and there was a little line but it moved so fast by the time I got to the register I had to let two or three other people go because I wasn't ready to order! They have several options for coatings and drizzles and topping so I was having a hard time on what to try. I ended up getting a half dozen and was impressed! Will definitely say lives up to its reputation for sure and a must try! All donuts are made to order which is a win! Can't remember what six I picked but the picture sure does look good! Will be added into my rotation of places to visit on the regular!
The pacing of food delivery is critical to the satisfaction of an entire table.  Food should come out as a Table and not individually. This restaurant failed to make the dining experience pleasant.  I will not be returning. \n\nThe food once it was delivered was good.
My favorite, the Mac n Cheese n Bacon Burger, is hard to beat. The Blue Lemonade is my favorite drink. Highly recommended. Joe and the boys, Brian, in particular, do an amazing job. I love this place! Their onion rings are home-made, too. Good stuff.
We went for lunch yesterday and wanted to use a Groupon, but we had the dinner one instead. We both ordered from their lunch menu and got wraps. I got the Aloo Tikki (potatoes) which also had lettuce, onions, mint chutney and tamarind sauce. The menu didn't say this, but it also has mayonnaise in it. It wasn't horrible, but I would've preferred not having it. Overall it was great and their naan is really good. I look forward to trying more items for dinner, like their biryani and samosas.
Very happy with the quality of food and service. The ambiance of this restaurant is enjoyable, three projectors playing an anime, and some upbeat music (played at just the right volume). Everything I ordered was wonderful, I will be back to try more of the menu!
The latest Johnny Chu installment of his culinary mind. We've been following this talented guy around the Valley since he opened Sens (we weren't quite there for Fate). The all-wall anime over the bar seems to be a trademark for his establishments. The bar is well-stocked with the same ingredients his restaurants are known for when it comes to craft libations. Lots of infused vodka, exotic fruits and savory herbs to choose from. \nThe small plates are interesting and well presented. We had the gyoza dumplings and bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms to start. Both were quite tasty. For our entrees we had the Ma La (a lightly spicy Szechuan broth) and the black garlic ramen bowls. \nCan't wait for them to open the other side of the restaurant!
I was more than pleasantly surprised by my afternoon lunch here.  I was impressed.  The waiters were terrific: personable yet straightforward, and quick!\n\nThe food, although a bit expensive, in my opinion, was excellent.  In fact, my Grilled Shrimp Salad was one of the best I have ever tasted!  It was outdone by the dessert, however.  We were encouraged by the Server to try the Coconut Cake, as it was his favorite.  I don't even especially like coconut but it was fantastic!  The cake was dense, the frosting was buttery, and creamy, and not-too-sweet.  The meal was absolutely perfection!\n\nI would definitely recommend this, with some time at the museum, for a perfect afternoon!
The food is decent but the service is terrible. We came into the restaurant and they were just like "sit over there". The waitresses are rude and sassy. Would recommend for the food but not the service
We ate here on Thursday eve, 8:00pm. It was crowded but we were seated without a wait, three of us. It is loud, music is blaring and a lot of crowd noise. We had to shout at our table to have any kind of conversation. I ordered a blood orange margarita which was good. Service was quick and our waitress was friendly. The two tacos I ordered were good although cold, which I guess is how they're served. \n\nTo sum up, I would say the food and drinks are good and well priced. It is geared to a younger crowd. Saturday or Sunday brunch might be a quieter experience. Otherwise expect to do a lot of shouting.
It was worse than awe full, the decoration and maybe name is changed from the pics here. Now is a candy shop with taco and burito . It looks like shit! Really, trust me. Never waste your money
What a pile of shit this place is stay away at all cost!\n\nI really tried to give them the benefit of the doubt but I put $100 in ordered a beer and was billed $5 really? Then a guy walks in and puts $5 in and gets a free beer. Wtf ?\n\nNever again\n\nThis place smells bad, mildew carpet and the locals well lets just say not super friendly\n\nI will continue to search for a cool hangout
Went at 11:20 am Thursday and ended up leaving at 10 til noon because nobody took our orders not even drinks. I asked the waitresses in the area and all they would say is it wasn't their table. This place sucks...
I don't know if it's my love of Zorba's or my love of gyros that's compelling me to write this review. Either way, when I'm down at U of I, I try to stop here. Zorba's has spits of chicken and lamb, as well as sauces to complement them. I've been happy with both kinds of gyros. Now, I only wish there were a Zorba's in my college town.
If you want cheap bang for your buck this is the place to eat. I don't say dine and lets leave it at that.\nSo 2 stars here are for the cheese cakes and the breakfast. Big portions for both and great prices. I love dessert by the way. LOVE it. Though they're not made here whoever puts these babies (the cheesecakes) together does it right. \nAs for the breaki, the omelets are huge and ingredients fresh. I'd stick to these items from the menu though to keep it at 2 stars.\nThis is a very casual diner-like atmosphere where the waitresses may treat you like an old friend, or a pain in their ass.
Their sweet and sour pork was very succulent and tasty. Probably the most delicious sweet and sour pork I've ever tasted. Once I've tasted this dish I never bother ordering it from other places.\n\nThe dishes I've ever ordered from the restaurant always come in a large portion. Tasted pretty good too. Except for one time when I ordered stir fried vegetables with mushroom it was lacking in flavour as it was too watery, as if the sauce was watered down. But nonetheless I'd go back again to try the other dishes.
Went for dinner to this place and was very hungry too. Ordered Wine, and bread first which came out fast and hot. Service was good too, we tried out lasagna, salad and Oven chicken Parmesan and all were good no complaints. \n\nService: 5 stars\nAmbiance: 4 Stars\nFood: 4 Stars\n\nYou will enjoy the food and drinks here and prices are reasonable too. As i have not tried out all that the menu has to offer i cant say for other food. But worth trying once.\n\n"Try and decide for yourself"
I fell in love with Indian food after going to this place.  I go there on all my "special occasions".  Birthdays, holidays, & last year I even went for valentines day.  The food there is so unique & good.  I end up getting 3 different meals just so I can keep trying new dishes.  The tandoori chicken is my favorite dish.  They also have this mango drink that is amazing! I have to have one every time I go.  Such a yummy place to eat!  Gosh even writing this review makes me want to go again. It doesn't get much better if you're looking for good food.
Failure to communicate is an understatement.  My sister and brother-in-law had made dinner reservations for Sat. pm to celebrate their 20th wedding anniversary.  I thought it would be nice to surprise them with a dessert on us.  E-mailed them a message (via their website) asking if they provide any of these niceties for such occassions...no reply.  My husband went in person and spoke with the manager who took his contact info..payment info..and the parties name.  Saturday came and went - nothing was done.  I called Sunday, left my name/phone and was told the manager would call me back - still waiting and it's Tuesday pm.  The person I spoke to on the phone even remembers my husband coming in asking about setting this up.  I sent another e-mail asking what may have happened...no reply.  My sister was able to speak to the manager today and apparently the manager 'left a message at the contact number" - no there wasn't....also there was confusion as to the recipient's name on the list so she was hoping her staff would somehow know which couple would be celebrating an anniversary and figure out who is to get the dessert.    Even though I have not eaten here myself, I will not do so in the future.  There is, no doubt. room for improvement at this establishment.
Loads a fun and you can spend lots of cash.\n\nWe took kids 10 and 7 year olds and they had a blast.  4 hours $115.00
I was once a frequent visitor to this restaurant as I worked close by. I haven't been in some time. The food this time was not good. I ordered a Corned Beef on Rye with a side of fries (well done) & it came with coleslaw & pickle.\n\nIt wasn't good. The Rye bread was stale & crumbly (suppose to be fresh). The Corn beef was cold & dry (suppose to be warm & juicy) & the coleslaw was dry as well. the pickles used to be giant are now just a small wedge. I'm disappointed. It used to be sooo good! Doubt I'll go again.\n\nOnce good note....service was very good & friendly.
Stopped at Geebee's for lunch a few weeks back. What a nice surprise! A very friendly and relaxed atmosphere and the food was great. I'll definitely be back. In the restaurant area, they also have a kid's menu--I'll try that out on my 2 year old son during our next meal at Geebee's.
When i ordered on the phone they told me 30mins and it was 15.00 for 2 hamburgers that come with fries... well it took an hour and a half. when it gets here its 20.98. So i called and they told me it was 20.98 bc the hamburgers are 6.99ea and the fries are 1.99ea. I informed him i was told fries were included and i wouldnt have ordered them if i knew they werent (we hate fries) he said well the new guy got it wrong..... wouldnt offer a partial refund or anything. wont order there again!
I've had two bad experiences with this store. The first time, I ordered a pizza with Salami and Peruvian Cherry Peppers. The delivery time came and went, and after calling the store, the driver showed up twenty minutes later and informed me that the store was out of Salami, so they didn't put it on my pizza. If they had called me ahead of time I would have been fine with that and ordered a different something else, but the negligence really bothered me. I would have not ordered again, but after calling customer service I was compensated with two free pizza coupons. The next time I ordered, the delivery driver took an hour and a half to show up. He called and I had to give him directions and even give my address to him (I live less than two miles from pizza hut). When he arrived he was visibly impaired. He misplaced the two liter I ordered and instead gave me two dollars, saying there was a store up the street. Fifteen minutes later, the manager called me and asked if I had seen the driver. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS STORE
This is definitely the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix. The tandoori chicken and aloo tikki wraps are to die for. You cannot go wrong with this place!
Okay business, felt the price was reasonable.  The food was a little more than I expected (in a good way).  But it was filling and I will probably go back there again.  Three stars because it's not the best place to grab Indian food, but it's also not the worst.
Divine Café is one of Vegas's best kept secrets for casual dining.  Gorgeous view of beautiful Springs Preserve!  Where else in Vegas do you have a view of this many trees and beautiful greenery?  Awesome outside dining area!  I would recommend sitting out there if the weather is cooperating.  Springs Preserve is where Vegas started! History of this place is very cool!... But you can learn more about that when you go there :).  \n\nFood is fresh and tasty, nice selection, kids menu and such great service!!  Everyone there was so incredibly friendly! The owner of the restaurant even came out and talk to us to make sure we were satisfied with everything.  I didn't catch her name, but it was so obvious that she and her team take such pride in what they do and in their food... awesome!  \n\nPersonally, I don't follow football, but I know they Broadcast games and have specials during the games.  \nI think they host wedding receptions and parties as well - pretty enough for it!  If you haven't been there yet, you should definitely check it out!!   Perfect place for business lunches!\n\nCheck hours ahead of time because I think it's primarily a breakfast and lunch place.
I have been to Pho Linh now at least 15 times.  I was impressed with the freshness and the taste right away.  I rated it a four stars at the beginning because of some inconsistencies in portions.  However, the food and portions have gotten better and better.
The store was a little hard to find.  It is tucked away in a small strip center.  The service was prompt.  I ordered a Polish Sausage and an order of fries.  Probably one of the worst meals I have ever had.  The sausage had been pre-cooked then reheated on a grill.  The texture was very soft and not firm to the bite.  The sausage had very little flavor.  The fries were crinkle cut fries like I would buy in the grocery store.  The only thing positive is that the bun for the sausage was fresh.  I will not repeat.
This was our first time going to Tandoori Times.  The atmosphere was pleasant and I thought it would be more crowded than it was.  \nThe good: the food. Food was great. I had the goat curry which was their Friday special, and it was wonderful.  My husband who doesn't like most curry dishes stuck with the tandoori chicken which was wonderful as well. A side of pesto naan rounded the meal out.  No complaints about the food at all.\n\nThe bad: the service.  Our waiter was very polite and friendly the few times we saw him.  He brought us menus and then left us waiting for 15 minutes before coming back to take our order.  He then disappeared for most our meal. We had to ask another server to track him down to get our bill.  Needless to say our drinks were not refilled.  We also waited a very long time for our food.\n\nThe ugly: the belly dancing.  Actually it wasn't the bellydancing. More specifically the dramatic rise in music and the incessant finger chimes of the dancer grew to be irritating.  The dancing was fun to watch in the beginning but became tiresome after first few minutes.  It was impossible to chat without shouting at my husband.\n\nGood place. Prices were reasonable and the food was good. But the service needs some work.
Service 3\nFood 3.5\nCleanliness 4\nAtmosphere 5\nValue 3\n\nPros:\nGreat Atmosphere\nGood first time Indian food. This wont knock over you friends new to the cuisine.\n\nCons:\nDifficult To Locate\nSlow Kitchen\nPricey\nUngodly uncomfortable booths\n\nDishes Worth The Calories:\nGarlic/Onion Naan\nSaag Paneer\nChicken Tikka Masala\n\nFull Review:\n\nWell all the Indian reviews from the buffay crew finally got to me and I had to have it for a cheat meal :)\n\nWas like Mr Toads wild ride in my truck getting here. A quick U-Turn, brake check, sharp right, up a ramp and into a parking place. That complex is like a maze and I feel lucky that I located my destination.\n\nWalked in the yelp stickered door and was hit with that delicious Indian restaurant smell. What was lacking was the scent of mesquite which you can usually pick up at most places from the tandoor. This was an upclass place so I figured it was just vented well. The place was really cool on the inside having this upscale lounge type feel. Nice and dim and easy on the eyes.\n\nThe guy who was double duty as host/waiter seemed a bit annoyed that I was walking in the door at 8:45 when they were open until 10. A tad on the snooty side asked if I was picking up or eating in with a heavy insinuation that I better be picking up. Luckily I was saved by my phone going off as my friend couldn't find the place. I got to bark two for dinner and walked out the door to find my friend.\n\nWas happy when our waitress came to the table since I didn't want much to do with the host. She took our drink order and asked if we needed a few more minutes to which I made the mistake of replying yes. Normally I have these meals pre planned and know exactly what I want but this was a last minute change of destination. I regretted not ordering right then because we didn't see her again for a long while.\n\nMy friends have learned that I usually know what's good and just let me order for the table. One of them was an appetizer and as usual I was asked if I wanted that first or with the meal. I try and condense the time that I'm eating bad food to limit the sugar spikes it might create. I'm not even sure why they ask because 9 out of 10 times they bring it first anyway :( this was one of those 9 times. \n\nWe waited for what seemed like an eternity for this one dish to show up. At that point I just started eating because I was super hungry. The rest took another 15 minutes to get there. Kitchen here is REALLLLY slow and we were one of only 3 tables.\n\nOne more note.. do yourself a favor and get a table. The booths here are horrible. They press you forward into the table and are very uncomfortable on the back after a while.. and you will be there a while :P\n\nFood Details:\n\nOnion Bhaji:\nI ordered these thinking they were something different. They were basically battered onion strings with what I would guess was a plum based sauce. I was expecting the Indian fritters that I couldn't remember the name of at the time. It was still tasty.\n\nBread Basket:\nSampler of 5 different types of Naan. The only ones I would recommend are the onion and garlic. In the rest the texture was a little different but no flavor profile change and rather dull.\n\nChicken Tikka Masala:\nMmmm I love this dish and it was pretty darn good here. I have had better but it wasn't in the valley. I haven't chowed on much Indian since returning here many years ago.\n\nSaag Paneer:\nTexturally this was way off from what I'm used to. It was almost like a ground spinach. The spice profile of the dish was excellent but I was a little disappointed in the Paneer. This isn't a strong cheese anyway but this really had no flavor to it. I'm used to it adding at least a creamy/richness to the dish. This one had the taste/texture of firm tofu.\n\nTandoori Chicken:\nI was REALLY craving some tandoori chicken and I was disappointed. It wasn't bad but it lacked the bold flavor depth this dish usually has. I also totally missed any mesquite/wood/smoke flavor that should have been there. Between the lack of wood taste and smell I think this place may use a gas driven Tandoori verses a real mesquite charcoal version.\n\nKheer:\nRice pudding is great stuff and adding almonds and raisins to it... yum. This is where someone played a cruel joke on us. The dessert glass was an odd shape and the spoon didn't fit all the way! If you wanted to retain your manners there was 1/4 of the dessert you were unable to reach. Manners were tossed out the window :)\n\n\nI agree fully with the 3 stars this place has averaged for itself. I made the mistake of trusting some friends over trusting yelp. I could have done much better that night but this was A-OK and tamed the craving. We felt very rushed towards the end of the dinner to pay and get a move on. We were there in plenty of time to eat and leave before closing had this place operated at a normal pace.\n\nJust remember.. if your friends had good taste.. they would be yelpers :)
I came here on a Friday night to watch the Indians play the Cubs in the World Series. I was pleasantly surprised at the fireplace and couch seating that you don't typically see at similar restaurants.The food was tasty and the service was great. The pretzel appetizer and Philly cheesesteak sandwich were both yummy! Great place to grab a quality meal and watch a sporting event!
Since its renovation last month, things are looking up. They have more inventory stocked so they're no longer saying they're out of this or that. The place is also much cleaner and fresh looking. \nTheir gyro is why you want to visit. It is very tasty and is a hearty portion. The Taziki sauce is very good too. \nThey also make a great gyro salad, especially with salmon added. It comes with puta bread and Taziki sauce. \nThis Shomars is a great choice for government employees to eat at on their lunch break. They offer a 10% discount for them every Tuesday.
They're good donuts, I like the options to build, I like the preset options to order. Reason for 4 stars is because of the staff like  would it break your face to smile? Or just have a more upbeat persona. If it was one person I could've assumed they were just having a bad day (which still leave your  in the can when you walk in) but it seemed to be the general attitude amongst the workers. Come on you work with sugar and donuts!! It's been over a month since we went in (and it was our first) and that my lasting impression was the ambience and staff was just unpleasant.
I went to Yuzu for their Parks and Rec Trivia night and was blown away by the bar! The drinks have fun names ("Thrift Store") and novel concepts. There are happy hour specials every day. They also have any liquor you could want, if you don't want one on their menu.\n\nThe menu has a ton of yummy items and they come out fast! Prices are reasonable and the quality was great. I can't wait to go back soon!
This was the absolute best Caribbean food I've had...and trust me, I've had a lot!  The restaurant is very clean, near, and well organized .  The owner is very friendly and engaging.  He was happy to provide samples and even offered to prepare plantains if I had a few minutes to spare.  \n\nI know that I will be a regular here.  I had the curry chicken (full of flavor and meat fell off the bone), cabbage (flavorful and fresh!), and rice and peas (so moist).  I also sampled the macaroni and cheese.\n\nI know you will enjoy this restaurant as much as I did.
I know I'm not Mexican, but I've had a hell of a lot of great Mexican food. If you want proof, check my profile. \nThis place is less than mediocre. I was very disappointed. \nStarting with the drinks, they can't make a margarita to save their life. I do a better job at home. Tasted awful. \nThe nachos were horrible, tasted like some fried up Tori's or something like that. \nI had the Carne Asada and my wife had the fish tacos. The good was again, less than mediocre. The guacamole tasted like it came from a can, wasn't great at all. \nThe flan, tasted so bad. I have no words to describe it. \n\nDon't plan to go to this place again.
Sadly, my craving for Steak 'n Shake was not satisfied at this location.  The burgers were greasy & not even in a patty shape because of how thinly they had been pressed out.  I love their fries, but they couldn't save this poor meal.  \n\nOne very nice waitress came to take our drink orders and when she came back with our drinks another old bat waitress came up & basically told the girl she wasn't taking the table.  That was sad, because the old bat waitress was crappy & rude.    \n\nAt one point the waitress made a lady sitting nearby move her seat so that she could take one half of the table from her to make a whole table for someone else.  This was an issue because she could have taken our half table because we weren't using it...well, then she took our table, but didn't even say anything.\n\nOverall, I'd skip this Steak n' Shake because if that's what you're craving - you will be disappointed.
My friend introduced me to Zorba's, I love their special, it keeps me awake at night, drooling for it...\n\nFries are good as well, overall great experience.
Good happy hour!. Liked the red wasabi. Good rolls. We had the triple threat and las. vegas.\n\nDon't live in the area but woulda eat here again if I was near.
Monday night burger special was awesome. Our server was very attentive and friendly. We will be back next Monday.
I was roaming the streets for a breakfast spot, and wandered onto this spot. The atmosphere is cozy and relaxed. They were one of the only spots opened on a Sunday morning at 8am, and that was a blessing. This was also my first time visiting Scotland so I wanted to get a good Scottish breakfast. I got my wife and I two large cappuccino's that were delicious, a breakfast sandwich with a fried egg, bacon, and haggis, and fresh baked cheddar croissant . The breakfast roll was light and fluffy, and very tasty. The fried egg was cooked perfect with the egg yolk runny and bacon was crispy, but not burnt. My wife's cheddar fresh morning baked croissant was very tasty with a nice sharp cheddar taste all the way through. Perfect way to start a Sunday morning!
2 x Oper in den letzten Wochen und dadurch 2 x Plenum in den letzten Wochen\n\n\n Direkt nach der Oper (1,5Min zu Fuß) ist es im Plenum dann doch etwas schwierig seine Bestellung zu platzieren. Das Personal ist (aus verständlichen Gründen) kurz überfordert.\n\n\n Getränke/Speisen sind preislich im Limit. Die Weinauswahl ist überschaubar - dafür befinden sich aber sehr gute Weine auf der Karte.\n\n\n Abzüge in der B-Note kommen zustande durch die kürzlich bestellte Käseplatte. Ich hatte die Platte in ihrer Gesamtheit als etwas lieblos empfunden - auch die Auswahl der diversen Käse war wie soll ich sagen lieblos?\n\n\n Aber positiv war kürzlich die Tatsache, dass ich um 02:30Uhr den Kellner fragte, wann denn das Lokal schliessen würde - die Antwort lautete ...um 01:00Uhr, aber trinken Sie doch bitte noch in aller Ruhe aus\n\n\n Wir tranken in Ruhe aus und ich gab reichlich Trinkgeld :-)\n\n\n Fazit: tolle Location, erst kürzlich toll umgebaut, besonders bei Nacht sehr schön dort zu sitzen ich geh wieder hin!
These donuts better be good because the customer service is horrible! I'll change my rating after I eat it, if it needs it\n******\nOk yea, despite my experience with the customer service these donuts are banging!!!!
like any other small family own Italian restaurant \nFriend service of course that they own business of course they're going to get a lot of 5 starts because have a personalized service than other places organization they need a little bit more yeah not too many people got that welcome on the tables are too close together is half of the server not to be taking an order putting your butt in other people's faces pasta dishes are quite large we had a pizza like any other Pizza any other place except for Domino's of course LOL the next door is empty space that might be a good idea if the rental place to to have enough room and the place looks like a regular restaurant
Thankfully the food made up for the experience. An HOUR wait for our food, then I got the wrong burger!  They refunded me and our food was delicious, but again, having to wait with 2 young kids for lunch (past nap time) is like being in hell for a week!
Traumhaft. \nGemütlich und absolutes Spitzenniveau. \nMan kommt einfach an.\n\nDas Konzept ist wenig Produkte, dafür alles frisch und in Topqualität. \n\nDer Gruß aus der Küche war schon genial, das Foccacia und die Creme spitze. \n\nVorspeise und Hauptgerichte ein Traum.
Located in Town Square on Las Vegas Blvd, just South of the Famous Las Vegas Strip. This is an arcade for kids and adults alike. It looks like a great place to throw a party. Although the food is ok, just ok, I had the pizza, it was about the same price as one you could get at CPK, and not nearly as good. But still a fun place and they have a decent happy hour. So I say stop in and try your hand at ski ball. Live It Up You Are In Las Vegas For Cryin' Out Loud!
Really enjoyed the dinner. Guacamole was excellent. Split some fish and chicken tacos and really liked both. The only knock is that there was no beer on tap; bottle selection was good though.
The food and service were both excellent - exceeded expectations.  I had the Insalata Italia and it was big, fresh and the dressing was light yet tasty. After that the spaghetti with meatballs were delicious. No room for desert this time, but they looked amazing.
I'm always here because I have no job because I'm lame. Just kidding I do have a job so I spend my whole paycheck here. My girlfriend doesn't have a job either and is always here. We basically have no life but who cares right? This is almost like an episode of shameless cause we try to cheat the system. My favorite character on that show has to be lip cause he is so smart. By the way get the frisco melt
I'm not sure why the mixed reviews for this place. First, this place is located on the third floor in the heart of Chinatown. As you probably know, Toronto has a huge Asian population unmatched by most cities in North America.\n\nWhile I lack enough experience to be sure, this place felt as authentic as it could be. \n\nYou order off of a menu indicated how many of the steamed, deep fried, sweet, selections you wanted. They are sorted almost by T-shirt sizes like S, M, L, and XL and sized/priced accordingly. \n\nEverything that came out was liked by one member of our party. Some were loved by all. \n\nService was fine, but they were not crowded on a late Thursday night. Very interested in pleasing the customer even if it takes a minute to get the full understanding due to language barrier. \n\nThe dishes described in English should be self explanatory and of great taste and quality. I really liked the bbq pork buns and the short ribs. All of the shrimp dishes were very good as well. \n\nPrices and quantity of the food were very reasonable and we left happy, full, and satisfied. \n\nI noticed the average was a ballpark 3, but elites were ranking 4/5's. The elites are right.\n\nP.s. While the carpet and chairs are a little dated, the place was otherwise really clean, including the bathrooms!  (But fix the commercial dyson hand dryers,they are broken)
Came here on Sunday eve. A cute spot but was quite dead. Service was friendly and efficient. I ordered the red pepper bowl which was quite tasty. Full of guac, rice, beans, peppers, tortilla chips and more. My friend had the brisket and shrimp tacos and said both were quite meh, small and simple. I'm not sure I would go back because it's out of the way and there are much better Mexican spots in the city.
My boyfriend and I go here occasionally when we're too tired to drive to Tempe for better Indian food. The food is mostly decent, which makes it better than the other Indian restaurants in Scottsdale that we've tried. The bengun bhartha (eggplant curry) is good, and chicken tikka masala is generally passable enough to not irritate my Indian boyfriend. One of the other reviews complained that the food is too spicy - I'm not sure this person has been going to the same restaurant as us. My boyfriend orders all of his food at the hot level of spice and it's never been particularly spicy, even for my non-Indian tastes. However, I will say that the quality of the food varies from visit to visit, and the quality of the service is consistently bad. The service is extra bad if you sit on the patio. Despite this, I would recommend sitting on the patio is you're going later in the evening and wish to hold a conversation with your dining partners and not leave with a headache, because they might start blasting music for the belly dancer part way through your visit.
I like going here, but honestly last time was probably my last time there. I feel like there's not enough to do to keep you from being bored. And half the time people have need spilled all over the games.
Felt like real italian food when I was in Vegas last week. Yelp reviews were incouraging but they didn't communicate the nice reception I recieved so close to closing time. The unhurried attention (even though I was last customer), and the quality of the food, made me feel like I was in a neighborhood "joint" in Queens, northern NJ or south philly. Homemade pasta and seafood specials were enticing, but still ordered the Veal Parm that I was craving and was not disappointed. House chianti was quite reasonably priced and complimentary.
This place.... Soo good! Fresh foods ... Spicy with lots of flavour! Great customer\nservice. Tiny place but so much character.
Cool place for lunch on campus... It's right next door to Za's, where I've going a bit too often, so I'm glad I finally gave it a try. They're specialty is gyros sandwiches (on pita bread): pick your meat (lamb or chicken), size (small, medium, large), and sides (get the combo which comes with fries and a drink). I tried the chicken, and it was good, although I wish the meat had been a little more grilled (it wasn't crispy at all). Their fries are great! They also have a few other things on the menu (regular sandwiches etc), and they're open late most nights. I'll be back for sure.
They have great food and awesome prices during happy hour. I have been here for both lunch and dinner and it's always been busy. I really like their smoked salmon appetizer and the wings are great too.
My family and I finished up with the Triple C 5k on Saturday and figured a stop by Duck Donuts was in order. The place was busy but not too long of a wait. Between the five of us we split a dozen donuts and sampled each one. Top favorites included the blueberry glaze, PB and chocolate, strawberry with sprinkles and maple bacon.  Honestly all were hot and delicious....dangerously delicious. Definitely a treat every once in a while in my future.
Great food amazing staff our food came out so fresh it was still smoking hot it was a great environment loved every thing about it. Doesn't look like much from the location but never judge a book by its cover the food and desserts are amazing
Great food at great prices!!! Very nice employee team but could use a bit more help during peak hours.
Horrible service. Took my daughter wife and kids tonight to celebrate my daughter's birthday. 15 min wait was expected to be seated for a group of 6. What was not expected was never getting to order food or drinks while people that came in after us were able to order and get their food. Staff was more attentive to getting more water for the tables around us than taking our order. We waited 20 minutes after getting seated and finally walked out.
Loved the Greek salad and gyro plate. This is a staple in  campus town for good reason. The inside displays classic Illini newspaper clippings, and the staff is kind and welcoming. Check them out if you're in the mood for a gyro.
Pretty decent I guess, but nothing super exceptional or anything to write home about. The place is pretty busy every night, which is good considering the area. But I like that they're open till midnight, gives you a late night option. Their menu is pretty wide ranging, and as a vegetarian I like that there are some good options for someone like me. I believe they also have bubble tea and some speciality drinks available. Worth checking out if you're in the area!
For such name there is a need to do some changes in your kitchen guys.\nWe just ordered the burger and the quesadilla.\nWent thru half of the burger and I had to stop. The quality of the food is really poor.\nThere is almost no taste in the food.\nThe quesadilla is not any better .....\nOverall it's worst than bar food .... \n\nRecommend to hire a chief that cares about the food he serves and add some flavor in your food.... \n\nPS taste of old oil is not considered as a desirable flavor. \n\nThanks
I dropped into Tandoori Times one night after reading a good review about it in a newspaper. I spent a few years in the Bay Area, where I became accustomed to tasty hole in the wall Indian food joints rich with sauces and flavors. The only thing they typically lacked, though, was presentation. The restaurants were often uncomfortable or dirty but, in spite of that, the food made it worth the trip. \n\nTandoori Times is unique. First of all, there is very little quality Indian food in the Phoenix metro, so that alone sets it apart. On top of that, its appeal is radically different from what I experienced around SF. This place is clean and cool, with sleek decor and comfortable booths to boot. The naan was fantastique, and the food was almost as good, but not quite. The richness and abundance of flavors weren't quite as present as with their slightly grosser counterparts in Cali. \n\nNot cheap, but, then again, hard to come by. I'll be headed back the next time I start feeling the need for some Tandoori chicken and naan.
McDonald's is McDonald's. My "beef" with this place is they stopped selling ice and I prefer not to have to drive all over town in search of ice while wearing pajamas! \n\n(See http://www.yelp.com/biz/mcdonalds-restaurants-phoenix-44#hrid:jpfxQUBZMuBoIIFn-MWp7g)
I've been here a few times and loved the food & drinks! The chef has been there every time to walk around and make sure everyone likes their food and interact with guests. The burgers are absolutely delicious! Definitely satisfies that craving for a large, juicy burger.\nFor about the same price as a Red Robin burger - skip the large chain & try this place. It is worth it!
I was so stoked when I learned that a Barrio was opening on the east side. I've had two really fantastic meals at their Tremont location, and countless drinks in Lakewood. Unfortunately, they've really screwed the pooch at this location. \n\nLast night some guys and I went out for a drink. None of us had been to the new Barrio yet so we were really excited.  The place was packed, but since we were just having drinks we were very happy to stand. Be warned, however, that the layout for standing there sucks -- they have a mini-ledge for drinks along the front wall, but then their hostess will just keep shoving you if you try to stand there. Whatever. Again, I tried not to let it bother me and I chalked it up to the fact they're so new. \n\nEventually we all sat down at the bar and ordered a queso to accompany our third round of drinks. (We'd been there about 2 hours already.) The bartender who first got to us seemed cool, but he definitely had a hearing problem. (Perhaps a disability, but more likely just couldn't hear us -- something about the way the speakers are setup made the ambient noise ridiculously echo-ish in and around the bar.)  So he screwed up two of our beers, and put the entire round on someone else's tab. (Not one of the four of us in my party.)  When a check didn't come, I gave him my card and requested that he bill us properly. He fixed that, and the two beers, really promptly. His attitude was exactly as it should have been -- not too apologetic, but definitely like "sorry man couldn't hear you. yeah thanks for letting me know." etc. \n\nThen the appetizer came, delivered by someone from the kitchen (not one of the bartenders). It was the wrong one. Before he set it down, I told him "I think you've got the wrong order - that's not ours." Then I looked at everyone in my group and asked, "Did anyone order guacamole?" Everyone shook their head no, so I clarified to him, "I ordered Queso Blanco." The kitchen guy said, "Oh, no problem. Well you guys can have the guacaomole and I'll get you the queso too." We asked, "You sure?" He said, "Yeah man, of course. Our bad." So everyone was happy. UNTIL the queso arrived. \n\nIt was brought out a few minutes later by a third person, a woman from the kitchen or front end. She stood there looking at us eating the guacamole as though we were a bunch of deceitful hyenas. I said, "You're at the right place -- thanks for bringing the queso." She replied, with a really mean tone (I'd use a different word, but I don't like gendered language) "Ummmm, I'm not setting this down until you give me the guacamole."  And we were all like, "huh?" She repeated herself, "You can't have both. You're not getting both. Give me the guacamole." I laughed and began to hand her the small plastic molcajete, but halfway there one of my friends grabbed my arm and took it. He was NOT HAPPY with this development. None of us were. But this was his firstime there, he's lived in Cle Hts his hole life, and it just seemed like he couldn't fathom such rude customer service at a restaurant in his hometown. So he asked her, in a much friendlier but clearly indignant tone, "The guy who dropped it off told us to eat it. We didn't order it, but its here now and you told us to enjoy it. So what do you want it for now? Are you just going to throw that away." She said, "Yeah, and you're not getting another bite." We couldn't believe her attitude. He quickly relented, gave her the guac, and complained to the bartender -- who had overheard the whole thing. My friend said, "Dude, are you kidding me?!? That's really messed up." The bartender just said, "Yeah. I agree."  \n\nNeedless to say, that was our last round of drinks, and we went over to the Fairmont.
Update:. Returned to try Bon Bo Hue, good, but the soup lacked the congealed pig blood you commonly find in this beef (Bo) soup of Hue city.  The noodles (Bon) were also thinner than I like in this soup, but were still good.  The taste was ok.  3.5 stars for the Bon Bo Hue.\n________\n\nThe more I eat Ramen, the less I like Pho.  I'm just not sure why that is.  But I was pleasantly surprised to find this Vietnamese restaurant while passing through Midtown.  Conveniently located at Osborn and 7th Ave in the Safeway parking lot. It is easy to get to and there is plenty of parking in this "Off-Central Ave" midown location.\n\nThis restaruant opened in a hostile environment.  There are no less than 3 very good contenders for the best Pho in Phoenix within about 3-5 miles.  For me, this place has the best tasting broth and the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  The broth had the right complex depth of taste that you get from the long process it takes to make it.  Their broth is A-1!\n\nI had a nice bowl of Pho with everything in it.  I also tried their banh xeo.  I enjoyed both dishes a lot.  The bahn xeo was a little bit greasy, but it was very tasty.   The Bahn xeo is large, I would advise planning on sharing it if you are ordering a main course.\n\nThe staff was very gracious when we had an order mix-up.  I appreciated them replacing our spring rolls with eggrolls. \n\nReturn Factor: 90%
I am remiss in not writing my review of our dinner Tandoori Times a little sooner.\nIn my defense, my ears hadn't stopped ringing from the background music for the belly dancer and I was unable to concentrate on the screen long enough to write a coherent sentence (at least I think that's why I can't write a coherent sentence:)\nThe Beautiful Carin and I met the utterly delightful Jim and Audrey W. for dinner at Tandoori Times last Friday evening.\nI keep saying it, but one of the things I like about Yelp is actually meeting and getting to know real people in "meat world", as opposed to only getting to know someone online.\nIt really gets down to the art of dining...pleasant conversation with convivial company, good food and drink, in an interesting setting. \nWe had all of those things Friday evening, and more!\nWe also had Indian food at Tandoori Times! \nI love Indian and Pakistani food. \nI play squash and I got to know Indian and Pakistani food from the kitchens of the wives of some of my squash buddies...incredible meals and incredible hospitality...we could all take lessons:)\nWe started with cocktails, 4 kinds of Naan (the Onion Naan was incredible...crusty and crunchy on the outside, literally filled with chunks of soft, savory/sweet roasted onion:)\nAppetizers included Aloo Tikki, a potato pancake with gravy (and you know how much I like gravy:)...good stuff. We passed things around, family style.\nWe ordered dinner as we enjoyed our conversations. \nIt was great to get to know Jim and Audrey better and I'm glad we had some time to chat as dinner was served (really wonderful food...Chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Masala, Lamb Korma and Kahari Shrimp...everything perfectly prepared, spicy and flavorful). \nThe service was warm and friendly:)\nAll of the food was served family style with rice and more Naan to sop up the gravies and sauces...so good!\nThen came the belly dancing and music...there may also have been a fire engine parade and a Boeing 777 landing in the parking lot...it was so loud we'll never really know. \nThe sound system was really cranked for the lovely belly dancer and it was fun to watch  her for the first 15 minutes or so. \nBut after an hour or so, the fun of watching belly dancing kind of wore off, we wanted to get back to conversation (even though the belly dancer was brandishing swords and candles...it was a little like watching NASCAR...you don't want to see the wreck, but you don't want to miss it either. I'm happy to report that nothing was cut off or burned during the performance:)\nSadly, conversation was rendered nearly impossible by the fact that someone had turned the amplifiers up to 11.\nJim would ask me "what do you do for a living" and I would answer "I sold my motorcycle in 1978", with a smile, and he would look puzzled:)\nAudrey and Carin were having similar difficulties...it's just hard to have quiet chat when the background music is up around 107 decibels:)\nThat said, we truly enjoyed the evening with our new friends!\nAnd we really enjoyed the food at Tandoori Times...I just recommend calling ahead to ask about the belly dancing, and bring the ear plugs if you go on belly dancing nights:)
Love the food, drinks and atmosphere! Great place for a date night, or meeting up with friends. My favourite is a tie between the fish and brisket tacos. You won't be disappointed!
Looks sketch from the outside, but true fish fry happiness awaits! I have been going to this place for about one year.  The first time we went later around 9 pm or so and a lot of the fish was gone.  I had an amazing hamburger instead, meat from Jenifer St Market. Besides the first time, I have always gotten the fish.  The perch is amazing and be sure to get the loaded baked potato.  The craft beer selection is impressive.  Chico-the owner is usually cooking, it's a small kitchen, so be prepared to wait, but it's worth it. My fiance usually gets the walleye and loves it. It's now my go to place for fish!
Didn't really know that Maxim was a thing here, as I've been to the one's in Hong Kong. Was pleasantly surprised with the food and the service.\n\nKnew that Maxim did mostly desserts and cakes, but the dinner was pretty good. We ordered off the dinner special menu, so we got soup, coffee/tea, and a slice of cake with the meal. I had Curry Lamb Shank with Wild Rice, which was very good. Rice was quite nice with a pretty soft lamb. The Seafood Paella was okay as well.\n\nCakes were quite nice, but ended up really full, so didn't finish it. We had the Tiramisu, Meringue, and Orange Chocolate Cake.\n\nService was quite good, as they were very nice. Came by often to see if we needed anything, and quite friendly!
I loved this place. It has tons of energy and best of all, the food is heavenly. The tacos are super-yummy.
Update: \n\nWe came back on a weekday, lunchtime. The service is extremely attentive this time and we got to try different kinds of food. It was overall an amazing experience! \n\nStrongly recommend this place for weekdays since it's super busy on the weekend.
OMG! SPECTACULAR! Duck donuts is hands down the  best donut in Charlotte. This place is packed out with Duck Donut fans and now I know why :) The customer service was very friendly. The made to order donuts are fast. \nI would definitely recommend Duck Donuts.
Horrible service. Ordered drinks, Waitress "lost" the paper she wrote our drinks down on.. so she came back   15 minutes later to re-take our drink order. Then she brings my dr. Pepper in a little kids cup! \nWe ordered two pizzas, one pepperoni and one cheese.  \nStill no plates & silverware.. My friend went behind one of the service stations and got us plates & silverware after our pizza had already gotten cold. \nPizza was so-so , definitely undercooked and super greasy. Waited thirty minutes for a refill on drinks until we finally pulled a different server to refill them for us. \nWaited another 15-20 minutes for the check. After that was done, we waited for the game card while watching the waitress go to every single one of her other tables to chat and talk with her friends before we got our game card. . .       We won't be back. Honestly, we might as well go to Chuckee-Cheese. It's cheaper & the pizza sucks there too... But atleast we get service there!!
We love that we have found a good burger place close to home! I had the Hawaiian turkey burger, modified slightly because I'm not a spam fan, the burger was delicious and I loved the sweet potato fries. My husband had the Mac N Chesse burger, he enjoyed his burger especially the garlic knot bun!
Fun place ...a lot of good games  all working \nTo the food n beverage department. ..pls have more options on happy hour ....
I used to love this place several years ago, but now it is very sub par. Smoked meat sandwiches are not like they used to be. Place is also dirty and run down. Not sure if they have a new owner but I will not be back.
Good place for that treat you're craving anytime during the day. They are busiest in the mornings so plan ahead and have your order ready. It's pretty inconsistent when it comes to quality and presentation since there are different donut artists each time but it all taste great at the end. Go with the 1/2 dozen or dozen for the best bang for your buck. Wish they open up a spot in the Lake Norman Area soon!
Very good pho. I dropped in for a carryout order and was served very quickly and politely. Next time, I will use the menu they gave me to order ahead. And I think I'll always get takeout, since the dining area is clean but pretty basic.
I was told that the place was of Western style cuisine, so don't expect the place to give you the typical asian dishes you find in Chinese restaurants. I came on a Saturday afternoon with my partner and the place was not extremely packed. We were taken to our tables and the waiter was quite quick to get our order. \n\nI ordered curry chicken with rice while my partner ordered the honey glazed pork chop. The curry tasted quite sweet, and not as curry-ish as I had expected. The chicken was alright when combined with the curry. The rice, however, was quite dry. Having it with curry didn't make it much better. As for my friend's pork chop - it tasted quite bland. It was served with cranberry sauce, which was not a good combination for my friends taste. His dish also came with steamed vegetables - which were basically frozen vegetables. They were also, quite bland. I think the only part I liked from his plate was the cranberry sauce. The portion was pretty large for both our dishes, but for the quality was a bit of a disappointment. \n\nHere is the main reason why we came for a visit: Dessert! I was told from my friend (we are both avid dessert lovers) His favourite being the Mango Meringue Cake offered at Maxim. However, he did warn me the cakes are sometimes really good  and sometimes average (inconsistent quality). When we tried it, the meringue was quite delicious. However, there was so much cream and not that much mango bits. So, the proportion didn't fit quite well, so the experience wasn't anything special for me. They have other cakes though. I would give them a try again, if I ever visit Toronto again. But perhaps not for the meals.
I wish I had a better update.  We have been to this restaurant sporadically after our review in 2013.  Unfortunately, we will not be returning.  The food wasn't that bad, but the service and drinks were horrible.  The restaurant was only about 20% full, and it seemed fully staffed -- there was no excuse for the poor service.  Drink order took about 10 minutes, and despite the 2 hours we were there, no one ever asked if we wanted another drink.  It took 37 minutes to get our appetizer.  I guess if the food was outstanding, we might give it another try, but my husband's medium burger was well well done, and the rest of our food was underwhelming.
Good food, my only concern is with the process for weighing the meat for the Gyros. They use the same weigh machine whether you get chicken or lamb. This results in getting pieces of the other meat option mixed in with your Gyro.
Review is closer to 4.5 stars.  They knocked it put of the park with their spicy miso.  The broth is great, the noodles are probably the best ramen noodles I had in Phoenix.  Low on the meat, but that isn't the star here.  The egg however was dropped a bit.  It was still cold and a bit over cooked for how custardy a ramen egg should be.  Definitely a place to try out to compare to your other ramen shops.
Delicious break while walking around the Phoenix Art Museum.  Friendly staff, relaxed environment, and reasonably priced food and wine.  I highly recommend the Cuban Pressed sandwich.  It was amazing!
Just had an awesome early lunch of pho with rare beef and a banh mi. The pho had an incredible broth with deep rich flavors.  The banh mi was on crunchy bread as it should be, with grilled pork. Definitely will be going back!
I came here recently twice for a weekend lunch and dinner. Both times I was equally satisfied with the service and food. Water was filled without you having to ask and there were enough waiters to serve everyone. \n\nI would classify Maxim as a more upscale HK style cafe because they have a lot of the dishes typically served in a regular HK style cafe. The two basic choices between cream and Russian borscht soup also makes me feel this way. There is plenty of variety on the menu like sandwiches, soups, salads, burgers, pasta, curry, rice, steak, lamb and, of course, cakes as they are a bakery. They have regular lunch combos if you want to be frugal, or you can spice things up with more expensive lunch or dinner specials with the choice of salad or lobster bisque as an appetizer and a slice of cake as dessert. \n\nFor lunch I ordered some smoked salmon with shrimp pasta which was one of the lunch specials of the day with Russian borscht soup. The free bread they give you with the soup is not good at all. Very tasteless and cold. The actual soup itself was pretty good and I preferred it over the cream soup I also tried. The portion of the pasta was about average and the sauce used was not very good. However, I was able to eat the food from what my party ordered because their portions were much bigger. I really liked their Caesar salad and mashed potatoes. The deluxe club sandwich was really big and unfortunately, it was a hassle to eat because bits of tuna kept falling out. The Black Forest cake they picked out for me to eat was not to my liking, but that's only because I prefer more sweet cakes.\n\nFor dinner I ordered lamb chop with lobster bisque. The soup was made in a HK style which meant the lobster flavour was much more mild than if you were to have it at a typical western restaurant. The lamb was good quality and there was minimal amount of salt, pepper and seasoning which is what I prefer because you get a more clearer taste of the lamb. Others might find it too devoid of seasoning. Maybe it was because the restaurant was almost closing and they had to get rid of their cakes, but they let me choose what type of cake I could have for dessert this time. During my previous lunch visit, I was told there would be an extra $2 charge if I wanted to pick the cake out myself. I chose the mango cheesecake which was not very sweet again, but I guess that ends up being healthier.\n\nAll in all, this place has existed for a very long time (25+ years?) for a good reason. You might have to wait for a table on weekends. I would recommend Maxim for lunch and dinner and not for the cakes.
I judge my lunch and dinner places to a different set of criteria.  For lunch it's about convenience, cost, and taste.  A distant fourth criterion might be the relative nutritional value of the meal.  Firehouse, wins on the first three and is worthy of inclusion into the lunch time rotation.\n\nThe sandwiches are hearty, heavy, and tasty.  Denser and more robust flavors then you'd get at the chain sub spots.  I doubt that this place will win any accolades from the American Heart Association but I also doubt that 85% percent of its patrons even consider calorie counts when they order one of these sandwiches.  \n\nA great sub.  Just make sure you eat fruits, vegetables, and other healthy options when you're not here.
Delicious and authentic at a great price! Fresh ingredients, grilled to order, and corn tortillas. Muy rico!
GROSSLY OVERPRICED !!!\n\nThis is a Franchise ..... not the Orginal.\nMy opinion ... the food dosen't match up, to the original.\nMind you .... its OK, but certainly not Great.\nThis location is 4 miles from my house.\nI drive past them, on my way to eat at Taste Of Chicago, for my dogs.\n\nMy wife and I, usually don't agree on many things.\nHowever, we agree on  giving Luke's a pass.
I come here a couple times a week.  I always order the #6 Eggrolls and the #31 chicken pho.  Great customer service and very fast!!
What a gem! Small restaurant but very charming. Service was excellent. Our waitress was kind and food came out quickly. Pho was delicious. Vegetables were fresh, broth was tasty, and rice noodles were delicious. I also ordered the egg rolls. I will definitely be coming back again.  Prices were great too.
Well bellow average Gyros. Soft, tasteless pitas with bland meat and sauce. Seriously, turn the corner onto Wright street and step into Wonderdogs for an absolutely fabulous Gryo. Not the best I've ever had, but easily the best in town.
What a great restaurant!  Clean, friendly, priced right, large portions, and lightning fast.  I work just down the road and have 30 minutes for lunch, I was in and out and back to work before time expired.  I love Vietnamese food and have visited many locations, this is one I will always go back to.\n\nWould I recommend Pho Noodles, yes, to everyone I know!  Go here, you won't be disappointed.\n\nTip......go early, by the time I departed every chair had a butt.
YUM!! I went here on a Tuesday, mid-morning, so no line. I typically appreciate outside the box flavors in a donut experience, but this place is doing simple right. \n\nThey allow you to make your own donut by picking a glaze and toppings. Then the donut is made to order, hot and delicious! \n\nI ordered lemon with chocolate drizzle, cinnamon sugar, and chocolate with peanuts. My friend raved about maple with bacon. All that to say, I can't wait to go back!
Ok, went here with a Groupon.  $20 for 10 hours of play.  Seriously almost half the video machines are out of order, have no sound, or are so uncalibrated as to be worthless.  Stopped to get food and there was one waitress for the entire dining room.  After waiting 15 minutes we went elsewhere to eat.  \n\nDo yourself a favor and go to Dave & Buster's instead.  Much nicer interior and better games and service.
I love coming here!\n\nEvery time I have a craving, this is the 1st pho place I think of in the city. If it is Wednesday, I know exactly what I will order: Ph Bò Kho (spicy beef stew) aka. S3. The beef is delicious, the soup is spicy but not overly so and the noodle are just yummy. \n\nI also really like the jackfruit shake here. I always try jackfruit shake whenever I go somewhere new and very few places compare.\n\nThe place is small and can get busy fast so make sure to get there before the crowd. Turnaround is quick though so never a long wait.
Love that you can pick your own coatings and toppings. My favorites were probably the glazed and lemon coconut donuts. A little too sweet, but delicious overall.
Don't order the "fresh" blue point oysters! They were so over priced and not worth the money. Pappadeaux are way better and even cheaper. The service wasn't the best and there was only us and another table during lunch on a Sunday. Bathroom area smelled so bad. They had no changing table in the restroom. I understand just another reason why we won't be going back. Go to Moon Valley Cafe and get a better hamburger for way cheaper.
Um, Hi.  My name is Sydney and I don't like doughnuts.\n\nWell, I didn't like doughnuts.  I still don't think I like doughnuts.  I'm not sure what happened.\n\nWhat the duck was that?  A doughnut or a magical piece of heaven dipped in lemon icing and coconut flakes?   I literally cannot even right now, it's too basic... but the pumpkin...and the chocolate chips... and the hot cinnamon sugar.\n\n(Heavy Breathing)\n\n(More Heavy Breathing)\n\nThis place is entertaining and converts the doughnut non-believers with it's hot and ready customizable doughnutty goodness.  \n\nBring the family, bring a date, bring your best friends dog if it gets you there.  Duck Donuts is the new black.
Usually I do not expect much service from a "HK Style" tea house but this one is exceptionally bad, to a point I felt irritated. Food was just ok. The only thing worth mentioning is a cleaner than normal bathroom.  Many good choices close by that I will definitely by-pass this one.
With the name GameWorks you'd think their games would work.... came here with my bf to play the basketball shooting game since he lost last time we played at SouthPoint arcade. Tried to play the game and his machine worked while mine didn't. I had to play on another one so I was basically on the other end. Then we moved over to play the football throwing game and they only had 2 machines. 1 of them didn't work. It started getting irritating. We didn't even use all our credits, we ended up just leaving to walk around the mall. Either take the machines that don't work out or fix them.
Although happy to find another decent place to eat in the Lovely's hood, this was not a 5 star experience. \n\nThe good: revamped Market Bistro space is attractive and the bar selection solid. The burgers were very good and the garlic knots they're served on, equally delicious. The portions were fair - that is not overly generous or skimpy - and the food was fresh. Service was prompt and hostesses polite. Owner came through twice to ask about our experience. Prices are okay. \n\nThe not so good: We were put at a table that did not have proper clearance between us and the next table on one side and a booth on the other. It meant that a large woman's stomach met my back as she passed through. Mmmm blech. Wait staff frequently hit the chair. I moved to the other side which meant that no one could get through there but it moved traffic around the two tables. Music, although nice, was too loud. \n\nFor the number of families we saw in there, this does not read as kid friendly. I have a 10 year old for whom we ordered sliders without the peppers and chipotle mayo and although we could've sprung for a milk shake [hello more sugar] water was about my only other option and bonus! free. Now, I'm not expecting the crayon greeting that we get at CPK, but it just didn't have the family vibe to me. Kiddo liked the burger and the brownie dessert [which came as described on the menu but without the whipped cream] and the lovely seconded the dessert thumbs up. \n\nMy flat iron salad had freshly cut romaine, homemade croutons, some bermuda onion, corn and black beans and a slice of tomato that was cut in half. I asked for the dressing on the side. It came with a good portion of sliced flatiron steak that although cooked well, had zero seasoning and the dressing on the side was described as a southwest caesar. I didn't get southwest and I did get blah/lacking in flavor. \n\nBottom line, we'd go back but for the burgers only. Cost of the meal for three of us with no drinks, only water, was $40. Its nice that its in the hood and that there is good food but overall it was good, not great.
We had dinner at this location we needed to use the washroom and The "owner" deny us access to them, because they were already clean. Terrible experience. They need some costumer service skills.
Olive Garden........hmmmpphhh\n\nAs I'm not a huge fan of Olive Garden, I went. My buddy said his dad was in town and invited me to eat with them. I could use some unlimited breadsticks in my life right about now.  \n\nThe service was good not great. Our server got in an argument over the bill in the table behind us and was kind of rude and loud and disturbed our conversation. That was a little annoying, but not that big of a deal. The food came out 20 mins after we ordered and she almost served one of our pints to a different table, probably cause she was flustered over the argument.\n\nI had the Chicken Marsala, it was not bad.  I was pretty hungry so I probably ate more than I normally would have. The peppers and onions were a little overcooked, the onions weren't bad but the peppers were almost black.  The marsala wasn't bad and the mushrooms were delicious.  Chicken....Ehhh, not bad.\n\nLocation is a little iffy, kinda out of the way from where we're staying this week but wasn't that bad. It's kind of behind the main streets in the area, (peoria)
I go to this place very often and its literally my go to. The service is always great. I come here at least once a month. Literally the place my family goes to and last minute date plans with my boyfriend. \n\nFor the starters I recommend the sliders, the mussels (my ultimate favourite.. The sauce is HELLA good), calamari fritti and the fondue. My go to is always the chicken Parmesan, the pastas are also pretty good but not all, well not every pasta is everyone's cup of tea. My aunts favourite is there gourmet pizza, especially the one with arugula on top. Every time we go to a different restaurant she always tries to see if they would have it on the menu. \n\nI'm giving this a 5 star because they have a good selection of food, great service with the servers always smiling, and the place looks great. It may be a little on the pricey side but it's worth it trust me.
I can't believe I haven't done a review for this place yet! Been here numerous times, and gotta say that I enjoyed it every time!\n\nDecided to come here again after a long while, and had a really good meal! First off, the interior design and decor was beautiful. With a modern twist on a classic design, it gave a sense of a true Italian restaurant with modern lighting! There was jazz music playing in the background as well, which is always a plus in my books. Everybody loves some Franky!\n\nOne of the amazing things about Fraticelli's is that they have an amazing featured menu. It changes every once in a while, but offers different dishes you don't get to try often. Once I had a mahi mahi that was magical, and last night they had a swordfish (which I didn't order due to the price). The items are typically more expensive, but if you go for it, you definitely won't be disappointed. \n\nWe decided to go for an Arugula Salad, the Penne alla Vodka, and the Meatballs al Forno to start.\nThe meatballs are homemade, which is always a nice touch, and came with 4 little meatballs in a tomato sauce. The meat itself had a strong herb taste and a little on the tougher side, but paired very well with the tomato sauce and cheese on top!\nThe Arugula Salad my friend got was very generous, with a lot in the bowl, especially the cheese and chickpeas. My friend chose to add in salmon, and it was cooked nicely to a medium.\nThe Penne alla Vodka was really good, with bacon and onion cooked in with a creamier sauce, it was done very well.\n\nFor dessert, we shared a Chocolate Tartufo, which was really good as well. A nice decadent chocolate covered in cocoa powder made a nice contrast between the sweet and bitter. \n\nThe service was very good though, with attentive and informative servers, they really understood their menu and was able to give some nice advice and recommendations. \n\nWould definitely consider coming her a little more in the future, as it has been a while!
Thai tea not to sweet, which usually they make very sweet, i love it. The service is on it l, I was very nicely greeted. Very clean environment perfect hole in the wall... i ordered to go and they put it together
A quick go to spot for lunch. There's nothing much to say about this place other than they serve good, quick Japanese food. If you're expecting anything more than a quick grab and go, then you're expecting too much. \n\nThey make the usual bento box combos, bibimbap meals, and of course sushi combo meals and a various assortment of maki rolls. \n\nThey mainly cater to the Liberty Village lunch crowd it seems, so best time to beat the rush is either 11:30am, or after 2pm. Although you get that cute, kitchy Japanese style vibe and atmosphere, service is semi cafeteria style, where you place your order up front, grab your seat, and wait to be called once you're meal is up. \n\nStaff is friendly and very helpful and patient with the big crowds.
sounds like a typical chain restaurant along the lines of canyon creek, etc. but boasts a 100% italian menu. the LOBSTER PANCETTA PIZZA with tomato cream sauce comes on an ultra thin, really delicious crust - balances crisp and chewy nicely. THere is only just enough sauce to prevent the pizza from being dry; lobster pieces are few and far between, tiny when you do come across 'em. Crust is salted, a little bit too much so, but a little salt did make eating pizza bones enjoyable.\n\nappetizers all sounded pretty tasty; settled on the FONDUTA FRATICELLI -- a 5-cheese dip with pita, bread, and polenta cakes. This most definitely is one of those all-beige-meals-that-is-pretty-tasty-but-you-know-you-shouldn't-be-eating. Polenta cakes were fried fingers of polenta and really satisfying on their own. bread was fresh. dip best enjoyed warm -- i.e. before it cools and congeals. Garnished on top were wo cherry tomatoes to trick you into thinking that the dish is remotely healthy.\n\nmore free bread on the side rounded out our carbo-loading adventure. it's so flipping hard to turn down fresh bread. so. hard.
When I mentioned to a friend that I was going to check out Hero Certified Burgers, I was told that it was a fastfood restaurant.  Overall, it is probably the closest comparison, but it feels slightly a notch higher.  The burger wasn't greasy and was quite tasty. I was pleasantly surprised by how clean the restaurant was, as well as the friendliness of the staff.
I love Vietnamese food and this place is pretty decent.  we ordered bun bo hue xl, pho tai xl, and pork chop and egg on rice.  a server came by shortly after we ordered with a plastic bowl, plastic spoon and scissors for our 3 year old.  these guys are on point, I didn't even have to ask!  the food was good, not too salty and not like your average msg laden pho houses all around town.   the food could have arrived hotter and in larger portions, but all in all a good experience without breaking the bank.  we'll be back.
Delicious and consistent. Love their pizza, wings, cheese fries, lasagna!! The staff aren't so friendly but the food compensates for it.
I had high hopes for Brick House, but like many others, I felt slightly let down by my experience there. The menu looks great. The atmosphere is phenomenal, giving you the option to sit on a patio, at a table, on a couch, in the "man cave," etc... The drink menu is great. The food, however, lacks quality. I ordered a medium rare blue cheese burger with the tater tots, based upon the suggestion of my waitress. After a pretty lengthy wait, the burger came out well-done, and served on a sub bun! It was certainly not the circular wonder-patty, I adore so much. I was willing to move past the rectangular shape of my patty and give it a shot taste-wise, but the beef was just dried out and generally awful. \n\nThat's not to say I would never come back to the Brick House. It seems absolutely worth a try with friends for their drink menu and the atmosphere.
So no ice for iced beverages. I asked for a blackberry vanilla iced latte, as I have ordered in other crazy mochas and various coffee shops that carry Monin syrups .  She stared at me as if I had 2 heads and indignantly stated that there's no such thing as blackberry syrup.  I stated that this mystery syrup does indeed exist, and she then tossed the syrup menu at me and said "oh, well different shops have different syrups"\n\nMy husband also ordered almond syrup and he received caramel.  \n\nCrazy Mocha's identity in Pittsburgh is average coffee with consistently poor service from hipsters that could care less that you're there.
Other reviewers comments regarding the lackadaisical service were correct, these guys like to "Sunday drive" during the lunch rush.  I got pushed into a goat curry that was twice as expensive as the other lunch dishes and as bone laden as the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini.  These two things aside the other items looked solid and the Naan was splendid.
Before I write this review you gotta know I'm a little biased. I'm a vegetarian. However, I feel that I need to let other vegetarians out there know about places that are not willingly or able to satisfy our needs. As with the other reviews Brick House is definitely a guys type of place: lots of meat, huge selection of beers, big screen tvs with games, and waitresses dressed in booty hugging shorts. \n\nI've been here a handful of types mostly with groups after sporting events. If I were a meat eating, beer drinking, sports guy I would give this place 5 stars. However, I am a gluten free vegetarian girl that can eat a salad here. Fun. On the plus side the mixed drinks are pretty generous and delicious. :)
Banana Milkshake 2-4pm only $1.50!   One of the best options for milkshakes in fast foot.  Their Steakfrank would be my favorite item.  Please remember the white paper hat!
I am really glad to have found this cute location which happens to be closer to my work place. My coworkers and I tried their sushi burrito (dynamite supreme)...Wow so good it made my taste buds so happy. I will be back for sure!
Great selection of baked goods and also lots of amazing items from Italy and Europe. They have a small cafe with few seats. A great place to check out.
Disgusting! Bland, fake meats. Would never recommend. I'm not even going to waste another second on this place.
Made fresh to order donuts! You can customize them however you'd like! They are vanilla cake based, and super soft. I have order "bulk" orders many times and I have never been disappointed. Weekend mornings can be a bit busy with a longer line. \n\nFollow me at: jodieats_ \nPhoto credit: Tarra Dahlke
The gyros were pretty good, but their fries came with this amazing sauce.\n\nIt was a delish combination of honey mustard but smelled and tasted like there was bacon in it.  I'm not sure what exactly it was but we couldn't stop dipping our fries in it - so good!
If you like food that has no taste and is over priced, this is the place for you. The food was without a doubt the worst food I've ever had. We had a party of 4, one being a child and we didn't even eat half before we thought we was gonna be sick. Save your money, eat Raising Canes and then go to New York New York for the arcade.
Found by a happy accident.  I used to work at Dunkin Donuts for several years in Ohio.  I love Dunkin Donuts.  :)  But, Duck Donuts are different and just as good.  We got 4 different kinds and liked them all.  I think the grease is a bit different and makes the donuts seem more cakier, crispier and yummier.
We usually stop here after using the driving range. The place is very clean,including the restrooms. The food is good and the employees are friendly. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing. The view of the Strip is a plus.There are numerous TV's to watch sports.\nThis would be a great place to watch the football games after hitting a bucket of balls.
Was highly recommended this restaurant by client.\n\nThe service was a total miss.\n\nThe food was okay to mediocre.......way too expensive for what it is.  \n\nBeen to India several times for business and never seen belly dancing in India. I asked several client friends that are Indian if belly dancing is a tradition. Not one said yes. The belly dancing was a bit annoying and felt slightly uncomfortable with my guests. The dancer was annoyed that no one at my table appreciated it and did not tip. She just started to fling her hips closer. I would have flung my naan at her to get the hell away from us.
Recommended from coworker. I had the lunch special grilled chicken with steamed rice. The chicken was a bit burnt and a bit undercooked on the inside (I'm a bit paranoid about these things, so it could be just me) but the spring roll that came with it was really good! Price was about $8 after tax and tips.
Nice place to watch the games. It provides for a relaxing atmosphere with good food. Kind of a more upscale sports bar. The staff is friendly. They also hire hot chicks with skimpy clothes to wait on you.
A very typical slice of the Wisconsin bar scene.  Low key, no frills, tasty food and a wide variety of beers.  Jukebox with a little bit of everything and pool tables.  If you want to be sociable, you can sit around the bar, or if you want to hide out from society (as I often do) you can sit in the backroom and drink.\n\nFood was good, but, again, no frills.  Burgers come with chips on the side if you don't order an appetizer of fries.  I heard a few customers raving about the fish fry and it seemed to be quite popular.  We got there at around 8:00 and dinner was winding down.\n\nCheap, too.  About $60 for two burgers, eleven beers and a shot.  Don't ask me why I thought it'd be a good idea for my date and I to drink that much alcohol, but luckily Villa Tap is close enough to walk to...
Great ramen, great atmosphere, and attentive bar tenders.  Best ramen I've had outside of major city Asian centers, and decently comparable to what I've had in Japan.
Prices are on the high side, for the quality of food.  I had what essentially was spaghetti with meatballs, and it was not that good.  The meatballs were super dense.  The sauce was too salty and greasy.  I think the pasta was whole wheat spaghetti, which i didn't mind, but I could see some people not liking the texture as compared to regular spaghetti.  My husband had a roast beef sandwich with french fries, which seemed ok.  The server brought the food without bringing any utensils, then went off for several minutes and served another table while we were sitting around waiting with food in front of us.  Kind of awkward.  A plus is the open feel of the place, plenty of seating, especially the outdoors balcony seating has a great view.
Terrible service. Didnt even give us water or napkins. They dont even have fucking napkins.\n\ndont come to this trash place
Good price good dimsum \nfive stars for the price and the eggtarts\n\nwill definitely come again : )
This place has an amazing pho, looking for a place that's closer to east mesa to replace Saigon in chandler. The service is amazing, I don't know how many times I've asked for tea and my server just kept it coming! Love this place.
Great pizza! Just not as good as Mineo's . The place is really small! I wish that they were as big as Mineo's.
My husband and I purchased a great deal from groupon for $20 dollars each for unlimited game playing, but it is only valid on games that to not distribute tickets to redeem prizes. Sometimes the card allows you to play, but won't give you tickets. They had almost every type of game to play such as video old school arcade games,pin ball, virtual racing, air hockey, bowling, live xbox, pool table, basket ball shooting, etc...they also have a restaurant and bar. It has plenty seating. This place is good for meeting friends and having drinks. It's crowded during the weekends,but best time to go if you're an adult is Sun-Thurs after kids curfew 10pm. This allows you to play almost all the games, when it's crowded it becomes stuffy and hot, so dress lightly. Food and drinks are inexpensive, no coins are needed, you just buy a preloaded card and play as much as what you purchased. I hadn't had that much fun in years, that it left my hand and arm sore lol! Hats off to them for bringing kids, adults, and families out, and having a fun place to interact.
I have been to many different playa cabana locations and I must say that they have great tacos! I have had some times where the service is slow, however, the food is always great and satisfying
I got the meatball sandwich. I was expecting there to be actual meatballs on the sandwich but it was a slab of meat that looked like meatloaf. The taste did not remind me of meatballs either.. In my opinion it just was not that great of a sandwich. Maybe the other choices are better but I do not recommend the meatball sandwich at all. \n\nThe only reason why I am giving this place 3 stars is because how good the rice balls were. I have never had rice balls and they were pretty delicious.\n\nThe service was great and the people were very nice that were working there.
Brought a new friend in with us to try our favorite new Pho place! He ordered the seafood Pho, I ordered the #29 combo and spring rolls. My boyfriend ordered the BBQ beef bahn mi and the house fried rice. My friend was very pleased with his dish, the seafood ball things was a little odd but he still enjoyed it. My Pho was phenomenal and the spring rolls are always tasty. I prefer the BBQ pork to the BBQ beef but it was still very good and my boyfriend loved the fried rice. This place was slammed at 7:30 on a Thursday night be service was still good, food came quick and hot, and we all loved our dishes.
4 stars for Pittsburgh.  This was our pizza standby for years.  Good enough that even the plain is good. \n\nEating in is sometimes unpleasant, what with the TV blaring, etc.  And the staff only warmed up to us after 4 years.  Spinach and onion calzone is pretty damn good, probably better than the pizza.
Lucca is a small vibrant resto located in the heart of Little Italy so you'd expect them to nail it. As soon as you arrive they start you off with a complimentary order of bruchetta which is excellent and a very nice touch. \n\nFor appetizers we ordered the Buffalo Mozzarella, made with beautiful fresh ingredients, it was amazing. I suggest that you ask them to add a bit of balsamic to the dish, a reliable source tells me that the previous chef use to serve it this way. We also ordered the calamari, which was very disappointing. I love calamari and I didn't even finish the plate. Wow, I can't believe that there was calamari in front of me and I didn't eat it! It was very chewy and not enjoyable, it tasted like something you'd pickup at the food court. \n\nFor our main course my wife had the filet mignon and I had the lobster pasta. The filet was uninspiring and a bit salty and the lobster pasta evening more disappointing. The pasta was served with a lobster bisque for the sauce, a well done lobster bisque is one of my favorite things. Unfortunately this was very bland and uninteresting. The pieces of lobster in the pasta were few and far between. \n\nFor dessert I had the chocolate lava cake.Chocolate cake is one of my favorite things on earth. Again this dish lacked flavour and any sort of punch or excitement. \n\nOverall I must say the meal was very uninspiring and with so many other great options available I will not be back to Lucca any time soon.
I hardly ever review restaurants but this time I must. Went to Barrio last night for the first time. It was the worst service I've had at a restaurant in ages. We met friends there around 7:10 and were told the wait would be 20 minutes. There were six in our party. Granted the place was packed and it was Saturday night but we waited almost an hour. During that time we got drinks from the bar. I wanted red sangria but they only had white. It was peach flavored and was poured from a plastic pitcher into a jelly jar. No pieces of fruit at all. I didn't even finish it. We got so hungry waiting we finally asked for a basket of chips from the bar. \n\nAt last we were seated outside. The patio is really nice and it was good to escape the noise of the restaurant so I started to feel more optimistic about the place. That didn't last long, as we sat and were ignored for at least 20 minutes outside. No one came by to take drink orders. In fact I hardly saw any wait staff at all. It looked like no one was working. Every table around us had people with empty glasses. The few employees we saw seemed to be in no rush. \n\nIn desperation we flagged down a guy who acted completely surprised when we said no one had come to take our orders. We asked who our waiter was and he actually said well, I guess that would be me! It was bizarre. We asked for several baskets of chips to tide us over (the baskets are tiny red plastic ones like you put hotdogs in at a picnic, unlike the bigger bowls most Mexican restaurants use). He took our orders and disappeared. More waiting. Our hunger grew. We had now been there over an hour and a half without even ordering food!\n\nI decided to get up and go inside to get some service. I flagged down a waiter who was nice and made some excuse about our waiter having not realized out table had been cleared and reseated or something. He said don't worry, I'll take care of you at the end. Finally our dinner orders were taken and we ate. The tacos were great but it's just like eating from the food truck. No utensils except a plastic spork. No dishes, just plastic baskets, foil and paper wrappings. Our bill was pretty low. They definitely took something off. \n\nI left feeling full but have no plans to return. Hubby thought they were just having an off night but to me, the place seemed horribly run, understaffed and not focused at all on customer service. And it's not as if the waiters have a difficult job! All they do is collect tickets with people's taco selections and turn them in. Someone else delivers the food to the tables. That's it! The food was delicious and fortunately we had fun with our friends, otherwise this would be a 1-star review.
Took a date here yesterday evening for dinner, and was wowed by the food (I had the lobster tacos; she had the fish tacos). It only took a bite or two before we both said that we'd be back soon. \n\nWe started off with a fish of the day ceviche (it was served in what looked like a stone pestle) with fresh chips, and it was phenomenal, one of the best and freshest I've had. I've had many a poor ceviche (marinated till it's gloopy mush). The ceviche here, however, was fresh, vibrant, and just the right amount of tart. My mouth's watering writing about it. The entrees were equally impressive: homemade taco shells and fresh stuffings. And our waiter called us "amigos." Very friendly staff.\n\nThe place was a little cramped, and we were seated at a tiny two-seater table, but honestly they could sit me on the sidewalk and serve me their food and I'd be happy as a clam. Will be back.
Great local pizza place! I've always been very happy with the food I've ordered. Pizza, chicken fingers, fries... YOU NAME IT. \n\nI've recently been on a pasta kick from Napoli's and it's delish! The pasta is definitely a great secret to know about.
It's Little Ceasers, you know what you're getting when it comes to the Food.\nHowever, the staff & personnel at this location are Always friendly, accommodating, and serve with urgency.\nI am here 1-2 times per week. They are all Nice, every time.\nI recommend placing a spot on the Credit Card receipt to allow "TIP". \nThis crew would definitely receive $1- $2 from me each visit.\nThey work hard, always smile, encourage me to return.\nThank you :)
went in for Winterlicious last night. \nthe atmosphere is great and the service started off lovely but then as the night went on. our server cared less and less.....\nwe had the Lasagna and Mushroom Risotto. \nRisotto was pretty salty but still acceptable. \ndon't think I'd go back when there's so many other choices though......
If you need a serious sugar overload, you are in the right place. You can completely customize your sugary heaven by picking the glaze, topping and drizzle. Their donuts are a cross between Krispy Kreme, Cake, and Heaven. When they're warm and fresh - there is just nothing better. My favorite is the oreo topping with a chocolate drizzle. You really can't go wrong with any of the options. They also do seasonal offerings for holidays!
Why are your tacos so cold, Barrio?  Margaritas are good, bartenders are efficient, chips are quality.  But the tacos.  The raison d'etre. Are cold. every. time.
Truly a wonderful dining experience. The atmosphere is warm, quaint and inviting. The owners, Santino and Carmela Corso, and the entire crew go out of their way to make dining in their restaurant as though you're family in their home. The flavors and dishes are truly Sicilian as the Corso's are from Palermo! I've dined at Trattoria Italia many times and I've never been disappointed. The display case filled with authentic Italian sweets should not be overlooked. Don't miss this gem on Eastern Ave in Henderson. Your palate will thank you! Buon appetito!
Joli petit bistro situé au métro place des arts, en face de l'endroit ou jadis se trouvait le spectrum. \n\nLe décor est moderne et accueillant, un peu lounge. L'accueil est chaleureux. La vue sur le quartier des spectacles est superbe !\nNous ne savons pas trop que prendre, alors nous demandons conseil au serveur, qui ne semble pas trop passionné par quelque chose en particulier. Soit qu'il n'a pas goûté ou bien il n'aime pas. \nNous optons pour les calmars frits en entrée, servis avec une mayonnaise maison, qui sont LES MEILLEURS que j'ai eu la chance de manger. Il s'agit de VRAIS morceaux de calmar enrobés d'une légère panure de style tempura. Aucun goût caoutchouteux, j'aime ça !\n\nPour le repas principal, je choisis la bavette. Elle est assez ordinaire, sans saveur et la  pièce n'est pas tellement tendre. \n\nLe prix dudit repas est assez dispendieux pour un steak moyen et des calmars. Je ne sais pas si j'y retournerais bien franchement. Probablement pour un 5 a 7, mais pas pour le repas. Ils ont de bons spéciaux après 22h, mais c'est un peu tard pour moi.
Authentic Italian place and the staff is very friendly. The hot lunch items are excellent. You can also buy home made sauces etc there for reasonable prices. Good Italian dessert options.
the BREAKFAST CLUB is ultimately the best deal. huge well-rounded portion for cheap. twice i've boxed up leftovers and had enough for a small breakfast the next day :D\n\nnot a fan of the BREAKFAST PANINO, flavour was bland and panini bread was quite dry - i had to douse each bite with ketchup.\n\nbrunch business is steady on the weekends but the wait isn't bad at all. it'd be nice if they had a stronger fan to extract the greasy fumes, but no complaints otherwise
This place is happening!  The atmosphere is energetic and the decor is great. \n\nWe had a couple of baskets of nachos and salsa to share.  Both were great.  I had the burrito which was a lot spicier than I had expected.  It turned out to be one of the sauces that was put on it which I wish I had known previously b/c I don't like spice.  Other than the heat though, it was really good.\n\nI liked how you could have a bunch of different types of tacos - I find it hard to choose sometimes, so the tapas style tacos with really unique combinations were a great idea. \n\nThe churros were the best part. \n\nIf you're thinking of coming, I suggest you make a reservation, and get there in advance of it.  We came for a friend's birthday, and although we made a reservation, when we got there they didn't have a table for us.  We ended up having to stand at the bar for 15 mins or so.  They were very apologetic, and worked quickly to get us a table, but it was still a bit disappointing, especially because they didn't offer a free basket of nachos or anything.
Nice place.. great food. Friendly service. . Love their zucchini fritters. Kid friendly. .
POOR, POOR MANAGEMENT!!!!   I had a Groupon voucher for this restaurant, and I tried to use it today with a friend as my guest.  We arrived and I asked right away what the process was for redeeming the Groupon...did they want the voucher now or when the check arrives.  The nice server said, "Now is ok", and I opened the app on my iPhone and she wrote down the number.  She handed my phone back to me, and I showed her that I was going to press the Redeemed button.  No problem!  My friend and  I ordered drinks:  a mango lassi and a diet coke.  The server brought the drinks, and my friend and I continued to make small talk and look over the menu.  Suddenly, the server and a manager were back at the table.  "There's a problem with the Groupon.  When we try to enter the number, it says it's been redeemed."  No kidding!!!  I just redeemed it in front of the server!  The server then apologized because it was her first day, and the manager kept saying, I'm sorry.  I can't apply the Groupon without the Groupon being active.  Then he went on to say that I should call Groupon and have them reactivate this and not to worry because this has happened before...um...is Groupon going to take care of this right now?  I don't think so.  I just wanted to ask at this point...AND THIS IS YOUR CUSTOMER'S FAULT BECAUSE....?????  So there I had pressed the redeemed button in good faith in front of the server so that she wouldn't get in trouble (I've had people thank me at other places because they forgot to ask me to do this, so I just do it now in front of them...ease of anxiety cuz who needs THAT, right?), and I'm now being told by the manager that we'll have to pay cash because he has no recourse with regard to processing the promotion.  GOOD management would have apologized for their establishment's mistake and then filed a claim with Groupon themselves.  but not here.  ...and the very LEAST he could have done was comp'd our drinks!!!!  I think that tab was about $5.  ANY attempt at concession might have led me to just stay, order a meal and work it out later...but I was furious at this point.  WORK IT OUT, BUD!  It's what you get paid for.  Did I mention that our booth was one of TWO occupied when we were seated before this fiasco?   Management here needs to "buy a vowel" before I  would even consider coming back to this place.  GOOD customer service can make ALL the difference when dealing with the general public.  This establishment has, obviously, yet to learn that.
It had been a while since we have had good Indian food so this was a treat. When you first enter there is a small display with various jewelry and clothing items for sale that you can check out while waiting to be seated.\n\nWe started with the garlic naan and the garlic and onion naan. They were so good ended placing a second order. We were a party of 6 so there were lots of dishes to try besides my own. I ordered the Malai chicken tikka but the chicken korma and the chicken,tikka masala were my favorites and the naan was wonderful dipped in their sauces. My husband had the tandoori wings which were tasty. They weren't nearly as spicy as they said they would be. They also brought out rice with the meals.\n\nEveryone was very nice and the server was friendly but a little slow with drink refills. \n\nThe highlight of the evening was the belly dancer. She was wonderful and danced several numbers, including one with a sword on her head.
I'd been to an Amaya restaurant so was excited to try this "express" version. I've got to say, I was pleasantly surprised! Didn't expect to enjoy the food as much as I did, and I continue to go back here. Nice butter chicken, but my favourite is the chicken madras. A bit spicy but definitely toned down for the average Canadian palate. \n\nDoesn't get much better in a mall food court!
I came here in a group of five people for dinner over the weekend. It was noticeably empty for a weekend and I found out why over the course of the meal. \n\nThe atmosphere is nice and looks upscale. A live band started playing later into the night. The service was fine. But the food was so unmemorable that I struggle to remember what I even had when I went. My main dish was the atlantic salmon with asparagus. The salmon was terrible and tasted like it was marinated in a household cleaning solution. Extremely disappointing and hands down one of the worst things I have ever eaten in a restaurant. \n\nFor dessert, I had the flourless chocolate hazelnut cake, which was nice and lighter than your average flourless cakes but nothing to write home about. It comes with a berry compote that cuts the sweetness of the cake. This was a nice touch to the dessert. \n\nOverall, my experience here was mediocre and unmemorable. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. You can get better authentic Italian food at nicer restaurants for a better price. And for the same price, you can probably get better steaks at the restaurant complexes a few blocks down. To be avoided.
Best hot-dogs I've found outside of Chicago.     Their Maxwell is especially well done.    The service here is good, and they've got an AWESOME (home-made) meatball sandwich that kicks the %$% out of anything you'll find at one of the bigger chain sandwich shops such as Subway.     Italian Beef is decent, more like so-so but the hot dogs and fries are worth the trip alone.      Good prices, especially for Scottsdale and food that fills you up and tastes much like Chicago.
Great place! Total dive bar. Pricing is really good, everything on the menu is so good. Breakfast is amazing! Huge portions, omlettes are my favorite. I come here a lot for Sunday breakfast, before we head out to watch the Riader's. \n\nIf you take care of the bartender you get some really stiff drinks! They are not afraid to pour a lot extra! haha. \n\nThe only bad thing is that their TV's suck! 1994 called, they want their tv's back! Please update your tv's so I can stay and watch sports!
We had dinner reservations which on entry we realized were not needed.  The waiter irritated me immediately by leading us to a small table when other couples were seated at larger tables.  I told him a larger table would be where I would be sitting this evening.  We were served warm, but industrial Italian bread followed by cups of pasta fagioli brimming with beans, but not much else including flavor.  My wife ordered the eggplant Parmigianino that was virtually tasteless and accompanied by a terrible marinara.  I cast my lot with the penne with chicken and spinach in a pink sauce.  Blah, blah, double blah.  Our waiter continued to earn his paltry gratuity by failing to check back with us to see how we were enjoying our meal or if the water glasses needed replenishing.
Not located on "the strip" but this place is worth the trip. The atmosphere is kind of nifty with cute paintings on all the wall and the waitresses are true characters. They look like 50 year old former show girls. I love it.\n\nThe food here is cheap, hot, and SLAP YO MAMA good!! I mean, it's like it's Denny's type food only, um, GOOD!! I ate here twice and remember my breakfast burrito and my mouth waters remembering it... and still remember it to this day. Forget all the glitz and glam of Vegas and just stay here your whole trip. You won't be disappointed. I can't wait to go back to LV just to hit up Geebees! \n\n**It's also my understanding they deliver within a reasonable area but not sure if they still do it**
Very good donuts! I wasn't sure when we walked in for the first time but it was incredible. Been back several times and it is always a treat :)
Went today for an early dinner after a show and enjoyed this place. I would give it 3.5/5.  We had the guacamole and homemade chips. The guac size and chips were generous. Chips were a little thick but still tasty.  We had the special shrimp appetizer which were much bigger than the shrimp bucket.  Tasty but only six a plate for $15.  The chicken soft taco with mango salsa was good but needed a bit more flavouring to the chicken.  The chorizo burrito with egg was good and portion was huge! The flavour was great.  Waiter didn't realize we ordered another appetizer so he gave us a tres leches cake on the house which was spongy and soaked up all the milk from the side.  Not too sweet and was a great dessert.  Nice to sit on the patio, the food came out a little slower than expected.  All in all, would come back again to try other dishes!
Great Vietnamese food!  Love the pho and the rice noodle with pork.  Hard to find that appetizer in other viet restaurants.  Can use a bit of reno, but when the food is good I guess who cares?
Once again, great food and great atmosphere, love the presentation and selection.\nKeep up the good work!!
Came here to check out the venue for a birthday party. However my experience wasn't so great. First off there was no changing table in the family restroom to change both of my sons diapers. Luckily I have my Phil & Teds stroller to convert into a changing table. second of all some of the games here are not well maintained. for instance the basketball hoops the staff does not ensure that each basketball hoops stall has basketballs. Most of the basketballs were gathered into one basketball stall. also the machines that are damaged keep taking the credits from the game card. Thus making it's an inconvenience in having to contact a staff member to reload the credits. I feel this place is not meant for toddlers as there are very little game choices for them.
What I think about yuzu is what you think about when you hear Blink 182s What's my age again.
I love Gameworks!! I had my 10 year olds birthday party here and it was better than I could've ever expected! Our servers Jamie and Ron were very friendly and the games were a huge hit with all the kids! The bar area is a great area for the adults as well all staff (Sam and Andy) were so nice! I would recommend this place to anyone!
Wow went here on a Sunday after church. I'd heard amazing things about them but figured there was no way they could top Bakersfield. \n\nDifferent and wonderful in their own rite. We had the brunch chicken & waffle taco with super thick flavorful bacon on it. I had a bowl. Loved the way the order forms are on the table, I went check happy marking off some of everything. \n\nAtmosphere was great and that Cleveland Heights will be the go to spot on a warm sunny day. Margaritas have one or two.
After following this on facebook, I really wanted to to try this piece of Nashville after seeing the series on tv.\n\nIt's small inside, so can only fit a few folk in. \n\nAs I didn't have anything to eat I can't really comment on the food but there were a few soups on offer and also nutella banana scones.  They do other things too - they have a menu for that!\n\nThey do artisian roast for coffee, so opted for my favourite espresso styled beverage - the flat white.  It came in the typically sized cup for the choosen beverage but no rosetta. :(  - I like my coffee art but this was a blob of froth at the top. :(\n\nThe toilet (males & females a like have to sharet his one loo) were clean.  \n\nI think if I'm in the area and needed some soup, I would come again as I haven't written it off!\n\nThe interior is clean, bright and the staff are friendly too - which is always a plus in my opinion!
I was here for the first time late yesterday afternoon. The restaurant is warm and inviting, the staff is very friendly and the menu is extensive for such a small spot. Since I was hungry but not for a full meal, I ordered the sausage and pepper sandwich which ended up being a meal in itself. I spoke with one of the owners who advised that everything is made fresh daily and that the meats and cheeses are imported. This place is well worth any amount of driving and I will be back!
Excellent service, well crafted meals, and it is true to say, what a "divine" experience! On the plate; pressed chicken Milanese with French fries; lightly breaded chicken, prosciutto, arugula, lemon pesto creme, pressed between naan. Serving size is perfect for an empty stomach! Pricing matches the size eleven dollars will make you holler! For my sweet tooth root beer float topped with a chocolate drizzled churro... Satisfaction granted and left with a smile on my face.
This place is awesome! I went there twice in the span of 3 days and was not disappointed. The portions are manageable and reasonably-priced, and they have options for all dietary needs, along with phenomenal cocktails. Their menu is quirky and you can't necessarily pinpoint what kind of cuisine it is, but that's what makes it so interesting! The only quip I'd have is that they seem under-staffed, albeit with extremely friendly waiters/waitresses. I went there along with a group of 15, when they only had 2 servers, and they still took care of us in a kind and methodical fashion.
I just got back from this place and this waste of a woman if u can call her that Ana refused to turn on the soda machine when I tried to get a refill. She told me if I had just dumped my cup I fuxken come here a lot its literally on the same block from where I live...i will take my fucken money else where. This bitch ahould be fucken fired for terrible customer service...what a waste of a human.
This is usually our go-to Italian restaurant. Normally I would give it four and a half stars but I've had to change that because the latest meal there the chicken parm was tough as leather. And the arugula salad was mediocre.  The Chianti was very nice though!
This is a decent place. I bought the Groupon that came with the all-day game card and the $10 game card for the ticket games. My husband and I took our four kids.\n\nI have to say that the all-day game card isn't really worth it. By two or three hours, you'll probably have had your fill of gaming. The arcade is not really that big. If you're there on a weekend, like we were, you'll have to deal with rude Vegas people cutting in front of you while you're waiting in line for a game. That was not fun. I feel like they could have cut back on the dining area, which seemed empty most of the time, to add more room for arcade games.\n\nWe ate dinner there and I thought it was reasonably priced for Vegas (except for the $9 mozzarella sticks). The food was good. \n\nThe location adds a lot of value to this place. When my younger kids got bored with games, we were able to go play at the Town Square park. When the whole family was bored, we went and saw a movie at the AMC theater. We had planned to spend the whole day just doing GameWorks, but quickly discovered that it wasn't entertaining enough for an entire day, so I'm glad that we had all the other Town Square options to choose from.
The best samich I've ever had. I'm hooked on the turkey bacon ranch sub. I love going here, they are friendly and never get my order wrong. I definetely couldn't work here, I'd be fat as I don't know what.
Excellent! You choose everything and they couldn't be any more fresh!! Bacon and donuts, who is complaining?? I can't wait to go back or find an excuse to go back ;) I work in Dilworth and we often talk about the delicious"ness"! Thanks for coming to Charlotte!! There is going to be tons of returning customers!
This second location for Lukes of Chicago keeps the tradition alive and well on the northeast side of the valley.\n\nLunch at this location can vary; I have been here at 12:30 and walked right up to put in my order, I have been here at 2pm in a line of 8 people. \n\nI usually order the chili cheese dog and it's always wonderful and sloppy. Word of caution though, it comes very hot so let that dog cool down a bit before diving in. I also enjoy the fact that many menu items come with fries as they serve a great crinkle cut version.\n\nOn the downside, I have had my order "lost" once at this location. To their credit it was a very busy lunch rush and it's a small place. Using the old style written tickets means these things can happen if one falls on the floor or gets bundled with someone else's ticket.\n\nIf you're in Scottsdale and don't want to fuss with the fancy places or typical fast food fodder, give Luke's of Chicago a shot. It's nestled in the strip mall area directly next to Sam's Club/Walmart.
Great first time experience, customer service was simply exception and I was welcomed courteously regardless of my visiting at the eleventh hour. All my questions were answered, and I was never pressured to order immediately. Anime playing on their wall was a nice experience. The seating was perfectly arranged to allow a good sight of the projections regardless of where you sat, and with absolute clarity within all their projectors. It was rather impressive to get that resolution at that scale. I ordered the spicy miso and it was ready before I knew it, not sure if I lost track of time watching the show or what, but either way I was happy with the wait despite being excruciatingly hungry. Water was provided almost immediately, to which was rather delicious (I do appreciate good tasting water at restaurants). The portion of soup was of the perfect amount to share with my wife, and everything was provided to accommodate me sharing my bowl. The ambiance, I found was to my liking, especially with the dim lighting, I felt quite comfortable enjoying my food. I had a awesome first experience and I will definitely be back for more!
Pretty good dim sum, but not great. We were disappointed that it was ordering from a menu card, not a cart, but I think that's just because we went at dinnertime instead of lunch (not sure). The service was good -- a little fussy as some have said, but actually in a friendly way. We were a mixed-Asian family up visiting from the States, and several of the servers chatted with us about things to do and see (and eat) in town.\n\nThe chicken feet and siu mai were OK, but not amazing. The sesame balls, on the other hand, were about the best I've had (and I've had a lot!) Don't tell my father-in-law, but they were every bit as good as his homemade. The hom sui gok (little fried pork/glutinous rice footballs) were outstanding as well.
Four stars. But, they're buffet stars, okay? If you're up for Chinese buffet, this is a good call. If you're looking for a nice sit down dinner, keep looking. \n\nWe're staying at the hotel across the street and didn't relish getting in the car again, so we walked over. Happy we did. \n\nAgain, four buffet stars. Three would be fine average buffet. No frills. \n\nHere are the frills that earned an extra star. \n\nNoodle soup station. Pick your noodle style, pick your ingredients, pick your broth. Not the best I've ever had (no duck broth) but good variety of meat and seafood and the fresh herbs really make you forget you're at a buffet. \n\nThere were hibachi (pick your ingredients and they cook it up) and sushi stations, but I didn't try them. \n\nVariety. All the normal dishes, a bunch of American dishes (for kids, I guess) and then variety. A few dim sum items; some more soup, and then seafood.  My son had his first octopus, crayfish, and frog legs. \n\nLike the restaurant on the moon, no atmosphere. It's a Sunday night and more loud kids than a Chuck E Cheese.  Not their fault, so no star deduction; but fair warning Yelpers, it won't be restful.
Over the past 5 years, Ive sporadically tried this place about 8 times. Only 1 time did I find it decent. Even though they are fairly busy, most of their food tastes and/or looks old. My family is not going back.
Noticed we have a new little family owned Italian restaurant, and was quick to check them out. \n \nWe were immediately welcomed and seated by the staff. Our server took our drink orders, and within minutes we had water, a warm bread basket and olive oil. That bread was amazing! \n\nWe ordered Cheese Ravioli, and Baked Ziti. Both were delicious! The flavors were on point, enough Cheese, and good portions-especially the Ziti-that was huge! \n\nThe service was phenomenal. But then again, they opened only 3 days ago, so its expected. \n\nWelcome to the neighborhood, Trattoria! We plan on visiting often. Please keep your prices reasonable, your service great, continue making delicious food, and you will be a success!
The wife and I have been here a number of times. They continue to provide delicious food and service. We enjoy trying new items on restaurant's menus. Especially restaurants like Kitchen M with a large menu. Tonight we arrived around 7:30 pm after church and was seated at a nice table because the waitress knew that I need good space because I'm not a skinny man. We were greeted with a smile and the waitress wanted to make sure we were comfy. We received our soup less than 5 minutes after we ordered and the plates started coming after that.\n\nWe ordered 4 dishes all together and some steamed rice. We had green beans in a garlic sauce, General Tsao's chicken with delicious mixed vegetables, Sweet and sour grouper and Shredded duck and vermicelli noodles. It was all so delicious! \n\nSweet & Sour Grouper:\n\nThe grouper was lightly battered and fresh and tasty.. mixed in were thin onions with shredded carrots. The sweet and sour sauce was perfect, not too sweet. \n\nStir Fried Green Beans in a Garlic Sauce:\n\nThe green beans were stir fried with a delicious garlic sauce. The beans were cooked properly, not mushy.. just a perfect crunch when eaten. The sauce mixed perfectly with the steamed rice.\n\nShredded Duck with Vermicelli Noodles:\n\nAnother tasty dish. Mixed with onions and carrots, it came piping hot! We enjoyed this because the duck was cut up small, not big chunks like we've had in other restaurants.\n\nGeneral Tsao Chicken:\n\nThis dish was excellent as well. We probably wouldn't ordered this again because we were hoping it was a little more spicy. We are not big fans of General Tsao Chicken, but we wanted to at least try it. The chicken was tender and tasty. Mixed with green peppers and onions.\n\nDessert:\n\nTwo desserts came with our meal. My wife choose the Mung beans dessert and I had the Mango pudding. An amazing end to the meal. \n\nThe restaurant is not a fancy restaurant. It's loud and there's lots of action! Lots of families enjoying their meals and the people gathered with them. Like at home. We like the buzzer system they have on the tables. We rang for "Drink Service" because I wanted some cold water. Two minutes later... bada boom! I was enjoying my ice water! We like Kitchen M and will keep going because, it's not hard on the pocket book.. and most of all the food is excellent!
Fantastic service and amazing food! Mac n cheese burger was Delish. Service was great!
Love the pho broth here.  Very fragrant and profile than local competition (pho Thanh, da Vang). The staff here is super sweet and I like the change in space (smaller and cozier vs Pho Thanh's ever growing space)
Yay! Finally a great, authentic pho restaurant that's clean, friendly, and extremely affordable! \n\nFirst of all, although there are a myriad of Vietnamese options in the Phoenix area, it's refreshing to find a new restaurant that has a friendly, warm, welcoming staff as well as a nice, clean interior. A lot of the pho "go-tos" around the downtown area are in old, shabby buildings (sometimes with no air conditioning) and are sometimes staffed by waiters who seem impatient or unfriendly. Not here! We felt welcomed and comfortable the whole time, which makes Pho Noodles a diamond in the rough.\n\nAs for the food--wow! It's some of the best pho I've tried in the valley (and I've had a lot)! Authentic pho, with a deep, hearty, extremely flavorful broth, good portions of tender meat, and springy, tasty noodles: it was just right! All of their ingredients seem fresh and care is put into their food. I absolutely recommend, and this will be one of my regular spots to get pho now! Can't wait to try their other Vietnamese dishes, too!\n\n(My only slight complaint is that the Vietnamese iced coffee tasted a little too sweet and syrupy, but that could just be preference!) Kudos to you, Pho Noodles!
China Buffet is a gorgeously appointed restaurant; almost too nice to be a buffet. I really wanted to take home the dining chairs. The Dining area was a bit to brightly lit for my tastes.\nThe buffet itself is huge and so typical of the generic American/Chinese buffet standards. My initial reaction was that there was nothing I wanted to eat. Tons of American junk food, sushi made with surimi, basic Chinese dishes you see everywhere. A salad bar with some great looking mixed greens but nothing but pickles to put on it.  The usual Hibachi grill. Upon further investigation I found some steamed clams with a nice gingery sauce that was worth eating. Then I discovered the baby octopus! They look like little tiny - oh never mind - and were cooked with jalapenos. Tender and spicy, one of the best dishes I've ever had on a Chinese buffet. I ate the whole vat.\nWould definitely come back for the baby octopus, but with my luck they wouldn't have it that day.
I was out with friends who have recently moved to town and wanted to get Italian. So I let them to my favorite Italian restaurant. I did a triple take when my beloved Montesanos was not there.  So naturally we wanted Italian food so what a perfect time to try the new local Italian restaurant.  And I'm very happy that we did. We were greeted and seated by one of the owners named Pascal?  We were served by his sister whose Name Escapes Me but who had a lovely personality and attentive service. There were four in our party and we all ordered different dishes. The chicken alfredo , sausage and peppers sandwich , lasagna, followed by hand filled cannoli.  Everyone agreed their food was excellent. I'm so happy that the family-owned restaurant I lost has been replaced by a family-owned restaurant I am certain I will come to love.  It truly feels to me like a newer version of one of my old favorites.  Thank you for a wonderful dining experience, excellent service, and relaxed atmosphere.  Not only will I be back, but I will bring more friends and family!\n\nPlease forgive any grammatical errors as I did this review on my voice app. :-)
Gameworks. When you hear that it should sound like a dream to everyone. The former Gamewirks that was on the Strip was a wonderful attraction. It had hundreds of games in a large space as well as a rock climbing wall that was transformed into an area for more games. When the original closed in Spring 2012, it was pretty heartbreaking. There were no real arcade places around Las Vegas that was on the level of Gameworks. This new TownSquare Gameworks is a degrader. It's far more smaller which was a huge disappointment. There were a few games that were attractive such as the 3-D zombie game, basketball, football, a fighter jet simulator, a computer gaming area, and the bowling alley. Everything else was more for the younger children running around. There is also a bar for the adults to relax which is nice for them. There is a new "Recharge Center" to reload credit into your card which is needed for the games, which is great. Other than that I wish this place was larger and beeds more games.
So not worth it. Spring rolls were good but thats about it. Meat in the pho was skimpy and for a to go order the meat wasnt cooked at all. Will not be back ever I have had better Pho from other places.
They are definitely not the best dim sum place I've been to but it does the job since there are very few dimsum restaurants downtown. This establishment has been in Chinatown for years- having several name changes but the managers and workers are always the same. Hmm. Food is decent, you can always count on the usual suspects being good hargow, siumai, beef rice rolls, chicken feet and steamed tofu dessert. You always have to ask for hot sauce and flagging someone down isn't easy, even if you speak Chinese. There are indeed better dimsum places uptown but if you're downtown and craving, this place does just fine!
BBQ Pulled Pork Sando is legit, and $4. Get two. I am not much of a noodle lover but my special lady friend said the Pho is as good as she has had. Laid back, seems family run. Will be back for further research.
So so yummy!!! Love their chips, guacamole, salsa. It's small but super cute. I had the lobster tacos. Omg heavenly!! Wish this place was close to my house Instead of in a different country!
The warm brie was nice and came with a side of grapes.. The latte was good too. A bit on the pricey end but we expected that from a museum cafe
Great meringue cakes, not a place id go eat with my family, but i dont go anywhere else for meringue
The food here is amazing!  The environment is warm and cozy. The Cioppino we had was delicious. The portions are huge you can honestly split the pastas with 2 people!  \nWe orders the Tiramisu for desert  and it was absolutely amazing as well. I highly recommend coming here. \nService was amazing!
My husband and I came here Friday night and we had the create your own (cyo)  and I have to say that it was really good. My husband is not a person who likes  but he said that he actually enjoyed his. The fries we good as well since we had them to prepare them fresh for us. The only issue I had with this place is that they we were slow other than that it was great. The young lady that took our order was very pleasant and smiling and the other employees seem to be ok as well. I will definitely be back when in the mood for a  and .
I'm a native Californian, so when deciding to take my fiancee, a Toronto resident, for Mexican food, I thought that I would have to aggressively contain my expectations given that most of my Canadian friends complain about the dearth of good Mexican food here. I was surprised by how delicious the food was but I was dismayed by some aspects of the service. \n\nFirst, despite the fact that the restaurant was not remotely busy, we were not approached by a server for at least ten minutes after being seated. In fact, the hostess had to ask another server to see us because our intended one just kind of fu*ked off and attended to maintaining his bizarre Caucasian-Last-Samurai-topknot-bro-on-a-spiritual-granola-journey haircut.  Thanks, guy. \n\nOur replacement server, Raul, kept the party going and did the damn thing and did so promptly and politely. Commendations to Raul. The food was to our liking, although it does kind of feel like you're paying for the restaurant's comforts when you can get the same caliber food at a truck in Los Angeles for a fraction of the cost. Despite the omitted fifth star, I would urge folks in Toronto desperate for a quality Mexican food experience to try this place out. DEFINITELY make reservations first. There is no harm in doing so and it struck me as the sort of place that is frequently busy, as it was tonight.
This is officially my favourite Pho place in Toronto! To the point where it's so far from my home, work, everything, but I will find any excuse to come back!!\n\nTheir noodles bathe in a deep, savoury broth that isn't overly salty or oily. Noodles are the perfect balance of chewy and soft, and while the meat is mediocre, I can easily forget about that as I'm busy chugging down that delicious soup!\n\nWe also tried their rice with grilled pork chop and chicken steak. The pork was much better than the chicken, but we still cleaned off the plate to every last grain of rice.\n\nTheir iced coffee with condensed milk is also amazing! Deep rich Vietnamese coffee flavour with just the perfect touch of sweetness.\n\nI would come back again and again and again!!
Love their pizza and burgers!  Sauerkraut balls and Jojo's are freaking awesome!  No delivery is no problem, their food is worth going there to pick it up.  The staff is also very friendly.  The dine in experience is of the family friendly neighborhood bar type.
Pleasantly surprised!  I came for the beer (decent selection, not great), but I was more impressed with the food. I had the Yard Bird sandwich and it was delicious. Place was not crowded (at lunchtime) so I'm wondering where everyone is at?  I would definitely recommend it and I'll be back.
Had my son's 12th birthday party here in February and I must admit, it was excellent service from management to our server who both really made the party a success. We all know when planning a child's party,  everything can go wrong!...really really fast, and it did everyone was wonderful even the bartender in the bowling alley. I promise you'd love this location well I did and would suggest it to anyone who wants to have a party here, or even just to hang out! I highly recommend it.
I always get great service here. Dan the manager stops by to say hi to my kids every time. The food is always tasty and properly prepared. They understand that with two small boys, we need their food quickly and we may need to make a hasty exit. I'll continue eating here regularly (at least once a month now for well over a year.)
Love this food, Love the sister restaurant - Isa's and Sulmeria. Drinks are very good, Everyone treats us well- and I'm a pain :)
I love this place!!  My son (5 yrs old) always has a blast. And, so do we.  There are no tickets or tokens like CEC, just a nifty little Gamecard that you add money to and tracks your points.  Plus, the toys/gifts are 1000 times better than CEC.  I love they have a bar and am always sure to treat myself.  Plus I love that they are in TownSquare so you can make an entire day and have lunch, shop, play, even see a movie.  My only complaint is that we do end losing money in broken games.  It is a little chaotic because they are so busy, but we have always had a good experience regardless because staff is super friendly.
So tasty!  The spring rolls were fresh and delicious.  The Pho had a rich and fragrant broth - great addition to the neighborhood.
Great place with great donuts. The donuts are made after you order and always warm! Kinda crowded during peak times tho. So may be good to go after morning rush and during week. But i will say that they get you in and out pretty quickly. The staff is very friendly.
My favourite pizza place, AND my go to! \nNice flavouring pizzas. Different varieties. Delicious sauces. Wonderful hard workers that deliver fast. Great place to order from when you're gonna be home Netflixing all day.
No complaints.  I wasn't sure where this Duck Donuts was located but it near JJ's Red Hots.  There was no wait at lunch time hours and my two donuts were quickly prepared.  Delicious and warm.
The prices are a little high for the size of the food you get. For example I bought a turkey wrap  (cut into 3 small slices) for $8.50. & a small kids pizza that my kids shared for $5. + $3 for a refillable drink. I really expected bigger, but overall the taste quality wise was good. My wrap was delicious with a hint of spice and red peppers. + fries. We sat on the balcony & ate & it was a nice experience. I will be back. =)
My husband wanted Chinese buffet but the only one with decent reviews was almost 10 miles away. Well that didn't stop him and here we were on our way to Chinese buffet. In another city maybe Saturday afternoon 10 miles is nothing but in Charlotte's traffic 10 miles seems like forever. By the time we got there I was so thankful it was buffet because I was very hungry. Well the place is huge, and the decoration is very interesting and I liked it. It was very busy and I saw a lot of Asian people which is a good sign. We didn't even sit I told our server water please and then ran to the food, They had a big selection of food, and all the trays were full and they seemed fresh. I had to be very careful while choosing what to eat because of my little one but it was easy with all the options they have. I was very satisfied and it is a Chinese buffet so lets keep real, the food was ok. But when you are hungry and you decide to go to a buffet then I don't expect great food. I just have to say that my husband love it but he loves food in general. He even made plans to take my dad there when he visit us from Nashville (those two are buffet lovers). So yes I will be back.
Really great service with really great quality food came here with my family twice this week. Can't get enough of Pho especially from this place one of. My new favorite places to go. I recommend anyone who love Vietnamese noodles to come here.
Excellent. Tried the corn as an appetizer - must have. And then we ordered a burrito (huge) and the enmoladas (also great). Then we tried the Tres Leches cake - honestly the best I've ever had, a MUST HAVE.\n\nDefinitely recommended
At long last, I have found the pinnacle of doughnut making. Duck Donuts has mastered the art and stole the crown from what I had given to Krispy Kreme many moons ago. These are the best donuts alive ever had. Let me explain why...  I did not know that they serve the donuts "fresh" - meaning warm and made-to-order.  I needed this all my life and had no idea that I did!  I am a fan of the cakey type donut.  Donuts aren't meant to be flimsy crumby things, but decadent morsels.  KK makes a delicious airy donut that I can get served warm if I time it right, but Duck Donuts is always has the "hot sign" on if you know what I mean.  You pick the toppings and style of your donuts when you place your order and the literally make it to your specifications immediately after.  I thought the maple bacon would be my favorite, but it was tied with the Reeses one on the scale of awesomeness.  Both of them a 10/10.  My only recommendation is that they add a few more choices for icings and toppings. The ones they have are great and work well, but if I came here often enough, I could see myself wanting to switch it up before long.  I like that service was with a smile and that the prices were appropriate.  Too bad I am cursed to live in a state that only believes in Dunkin. But whenever I am in the Charlotte area, I guarantee this place will always get a visit from me
I love this restaurant! It's hard to find places that are equal parts healthy and delicious AND someplace that kids and hubby and I all love to eat at.  It's even harder to find delicious Indian restaurants that aren't well, kind of greasy.  Tandoori Times is awesome!  Their tandoori chicken is simple and flavorful.  Can be a little tricky to find them though since it's kind of tucked away.
I ordered a very simple sashimi, take out, for lunch. It's japanese cuisine 101. If you run a japanese restaurant, you should do that right. \n\nThe service was fast, so fast, SO FAST, something must have been done wrong. It was not the miso. It wasn't the green salad. I took it from the restaurant to my place, and found the problem: FROZEN SASHIMI. \n\nI understand you have to keep your fish cold. But frozen sashimi? I MICROWAVED IT FOR 10 SECONDS TO EAT - and it cost me 15 bucks!
Very large and food, staff are very good.\nIt all depends on what you order and what you like in order to have a delicious time here.\nI personally like the new mixed grill hot pot, it comes sizzling hot while they pour the sauce on! Very filling for a good price. \nGreat for large family dinners especially with children. A large comfortable place, definitely started off rocky but it's steady and will reach new heights in the future! Will come again :)
Pho Noodles was the second place I  tried  in Phoenix  during  our visit.. Our first was Pho Thanh.. I had the shrimp  pho and took a Bahn Mi to go.. Pho was just ok and the sandwich  went in the garbage. Very dry and tasteless.. Really not  crazy about either  place, so will probably look  elsewhere next time we visit my  son.
Get ready for 300% recommended daily serving of sodium with just one sitting at this restaurant. My taste palate was exposed to nothing but salt. It's hard to understand that this busy restaurant has such high ratings with so-so food. Service is standard for restaurants in Chinatown.
Awesomeness!!! Best donuts ever, even better than Krispy Kreme! A little pricey but worth it.  Cute shop, nice ambience.  They need more locations in town.
These donuts are soooo yummy. I love that the donuts are fresh and warm. I truly enjoyed the strawberry glazed donuts. This will always be my choice for fresh, hot donuts.
This is a long-awaited welcome addition to SE Las Vegas for authentic Italian food made by real Italians. They've included a few dishes for the American sensibility of Italian food but the pasta is perfect and made in house. The wines on offer show informed, simple and deft but yet confident selections all while still accessible to the novice.  Return patron again and again.
If only it were possible to give this place 6 stars!!Had breakfast here on a Sunday morning. If you love breakfast food and you have a big appetite you will love this place! We got there around 1030am and after we sat down the place filled up! A few large groups of people were there and soon there was a line up. Our server was a friendly and muchacho with some pretty awesomely sculpted facial hair. I'm always envious as now being a married muchacho myself with a wife who disdains facial hair of any kind, I sometimes have a little envy for men who are facially hirsute. He thought he recognized me and had welcomed me back. I had never been before but I thought his mentioning it was a nice touch. There is a definite dearth of that kind of customer recognition in the world these days. Put plainly: The food is great! I had eggs, sliced tomatoes, pea meal bacon and home fries. Everything was very tasty and landed on the table in a jiffy! My 3 sunny side up eggs were perfectly Sunny n Runny! The back bacon had me singing Baby Got Back! The crispy seasoned home fries had me thinking I was in a North Carolina greasy spoon! Ruggedly handsome muchacho kept the coffee mug hot and full! Price was great! Next time I find myself anywhere near this place and hungry I will beat down the door to get some breakfast in my belly! They also have a great burger and sammies menu for lunch, I almost ordered a burger. Next time I will!! When I tell you this place is awesome my word is bond!! Baby Got Back! (It begs saying it twice.)
My husband enjoyed his Hawaiian burger.  The barbeque burger was Ok except the barbeque sauce was very sweet.  The server was good but was very touchy feely and kept calling me pet names like "babe" and "sweetheart" which made me uncomfortable since he was at least 15 years younger than I am.
Not a bad lunch spot. Don't think the food is anything to write home about but will do in a pinch. Cool that they do jazz on some nights.
No better place in C-U for a gyros.  This place has always been a favorite of mine.  I'm so glad they came back after the fire, better than ever.  I especially like that they offer a small size of their gyros sandwich.  They have excellent fries as well.  Service is always fast and friendly.  Keep up the good work!
The samosas with chana was good but the chaat tacos I did not enjoy.  If you normally enjoy chaat I wouldn't recommend this.  It's nice having this place in the food court.  For the most part their food seems legit.
The busy store shows the popularity of the place. It's a very cool concept - made to order donuts. All donuts are made using cake donuts and then you can choose your icing and topping. There are a few specials to choose from as well.  \n\nI thought the donuts were good but a little greasy. I ordered two and couldn't eat more due to the richness and grease content of them. All in all, it was a good place.
First time here and last time coming. The place wasn't busy at all. 2 waitress were working tonight. Idk what took so long for food to come out, it took about 40 min for my food to come out and the portion was crazy small for 10 whole bucks. Not worth it. The food tasted not so great, I ask the waitress if they have  sriracha for more taste. She said "yes we do" she never came back with it. I was starving so I just finished it. Idk if she just thought If I had a question whether or not they have sriracha. I WANTED SRIRACHA.  Never been to a restaurant and left hungry before. First time for everything right? Shame on me if I come back again
Went today after seeing good reviews from lots of Sun City Anthem neighbors.  I had the best chicken cattiatore ever!  The bread and olive oil with herbs were also delicious!  Portions are large, just finished the second half of my meal at home.  I told my husband that I will be dreaming of this dish and can't wait to go back!!!
This place is AWESOME!! The food is excellent and the service is great.They give you HUGE portions. The only thing I didn't like was the smell of smoke when you first walk in; it was horrible, but the eating area is nonsmoking and they try to air it out as much as they can. The building looks dirty from outside, but that's part of it's charm. I did not expect this place to be this good;if it wasn't for the other yelpers, I wouldn't have eaten here. I had loaded potato skins and the french dip, and my boyfriend had the Philly cheese sandwich. I don't feel the need to break it all down because it was all very good.However, the potato skins are more like a baked potato; yeah, that big. I will DEFINITELY go back when I'm in Vegas.
I bought some frozen Indian entrees from Sunflower Market and it reminded me of the time I ate here. My boyfriend's parents were in town for Spring Break this year and I had been wanting to try this place out for quite some time, so the four of us grabbed an early dinner after watching the A's beat the White Sox.\n\nI should have known it was going to be a poor experience when we drove up and saw how "fancy" the outside was. Our waiter was rude, and when taking our order he dropped the (empty) tray once. There were only a couple of other tables with people at them, so it was pretty loud. When our food came, the waiter dropped my plate on the table, and my food got all over the table, my shirt, and even my purse. He brought me napkins a few minutes later so I could clean up his mess, and dropped his empty tray yet again. It took him forever to bring us the bill, or extra Naan, or anything we ordered. Each time we waited, I looked over at the bar and he was just standing around drumming his fingers.\n\nThe food was very bland. Even with a ton of heat/spice, the blandness overpowered everything. My boyfriend's mom is not picky at all, but she could not eat her food. \n\nThe only reason I'd even give this place one star is the mango Lassi was delicious, the naan was good, and my boyfriend and his father really enjoyed their huge Taj Mahal's.
Great gyros and fries. Often crowded, so plan on a wait for food and a table.  Go on Tuesdays for discount prices.
Great fresh healthy food at great prices. The Fish Tacos rocked. Wonderful members benefit. Nice reprieve from the Desert environment outside.
I have to start with the garlic nan. My favorite part of indian cuisine is the nan. We oredered 2 orders of garlic nan and it was burnt. Not just a little over cooked, the whole bottom of each piece was black charred burnt. Completly ruined the meal.  The Tiki Masala and Vindaloo were both good but for the price...I can get just as good and bigger portions just about everywhere else. The prices were really over the top. You pay for rice and nan as well regardless of what you order. I did not feel like I had a $50 meal by any means and that is what 2 dishes, one "small plate," nan, rice, and one drink cost us. We were both just full but had I been with a guy or my step father, we would have needed more food for 2. \n\nThe atmosphere is great, the place looks really clean. The nan was so bad though that it ruined the meal and even if it was perfect, I still would have only given it three stars because the prices are just way more than everywhere else. I had more reasonable meals at the best indian cuisine restaurants in San Francisco!\n\nOur server was good, however, after our "small plate" she seemed a little put off that we wanted clean plates for our meals. She did bring them and was nice about it but we shouldn't have had to ask. With all the sauces on the meals, mixing them would not have been good and our plates were clearly very dirty after the appetizer.\n\nWon't be back. Just not worth the price.
Platinum member, so we've been to a lot of Sheratons it was a fine hotel with better than average service.\n\n#1 for hospitality - every single staff member we came in contact with was friendly and service oriented.  Tuesday nights they have guest appreciation meet and greet with free food and free drinks.  We met some nice folks and had our fill.  The Club staff was very friendly too and this club serves free alcohol.  \n\nAccommodations:  Newly renovated, clean, we had a giant spa tub in our room.  Only complaint is their keys kept not working on various doors.  Three times in one day once.  But the staff was so helpful and apologetic, it was easy to be forgiving.\n\nFor a smaller Sheraton in the suburbs it was about what we expected which was average.  What put this hotel over the top was the people.\n\nBTW:  We also stayed at Sheraton Valley Forge which is a bigger, fancier hotel in a nice area close by.  BUT this Club rocked compared.  The food was far better, staff friendlier, and there was no free wine at the other one.
4.5 stars. This place isn't that big so I understand why there are line ups.  My hubby and I arrived in between lunch and dinner so we came at a good time.  Their portions are generous and it feels and tastes like authentic mexican food.  Packed full of flavour.  The meat pork in the playa burrito was divine and my tacos were juicy yet crispy from the shells.  I will go back to try the other items on the menu.
Came here for breakfast. I often come here on the weekendbfor breakfast so coming in on a weekday was interesting. \n\nFirstly, I love how big it is! This helps with the ventilation. I hate smelling like teppanyaki so having this giant space really helps that smell not to be woven info every fabric I'm wearing that day. \n\nSecond, I know that this is not exactly revolutionary but for a cha chahn tang (茶餐廳) it was a step ahead. They have a little machine on each table so you can press the button to order, get a bill, cancel an order, and something else. It makes things really efficient because once you press it, it makes a little chime sound at the "control station" and they send someone over. If you wanted the bill and you're in a rush, this could help cut down on the time. \n\nAnyway. We ordered 3 breakfasts for the 2 of us. Their potatoes were absolutely fab. Yeah they're fried but they still taste naturally potato. Breakfast sausages were delicious and not drowning in oil. Yum! \n\nThis place has my favourite preserved egg and pork congee. They only have it for breakfast time (why not all the time?!). They have a lot of toppings, the congee is thick enough so you're full, but it isn't like you're eating congealed slime. The congee has a lot of the preserved egg and pork taste but WAIT. \n\nWhat's spectacular is that the toppings actually taste like what they are supposed to be! Usually when you make congee with toppings, the congee had all the flavour but the toppings do not. BUT this place had one of the best congee ever. Everything had taste. \n\nDefinitely recommend the congee and pan fried rice roll breakfast combo. Also the one with potatoes and breakfast sausages. They give you 3 links. \n\nOne star taken off because service was average for cha chahn tang. Food was delicious.
Great Chicago style food.  The fries are the best and the food is only made once you order, so fries are usually fresh from the fryer.  I like to go here for lunch and it is usually difficult to find seating.  There are plenty of choices for food, but I usually get the Maxwell Street Polish Dog, which is pretty good.  If you order a burger, be ready to wait a little longer, since they're going to cook it up after you order it.
Fucking most horrible experience at a dim sum place, and the good reviews seem to be outdated as whatever was good about this place no longer exists. They took very very long to serve us and when they did, the food was shit and they kept bringing us things that we already received constantly making mistakes over and over and forgot to bring half our order without us having to remind them. For example I asked for something as simple as cold fucking water 3 times to two different waiters and not once did it come, I was thirsty and losing my patience but what happened next tops it off as I will never fucking come back to this crap hole ever again. I was willing to let the horrible service, mediocre borderline shitty cold food go but she it came time to pay the bill the waiter brought a debit terminal over, grabbed my debit card from me and as usual would enter in the total for our table, but NO........ NO, he took my card tapped it which was odd to me and I asked for the receipt to find out he went ahead, and TIPPED HIMSELF WITHOUT EVEN PASSING ME THE FUCKING TERMINAL. HE EVEN TIPPED HIMSELF 15 FUCKING PERRCENT TIP, INSTEAD OF THE REGULAR 10 PERCENT. I HONESTLY WAS GOING TO TIP THEM 10 PERCENT ANYWAY DESPITE THEIR SHITTY SERVICE BECAUSE I AM NICE BUT NO, THEY WENT AHEAD AND DID IT FOR ME. DO NOT COME HERE, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. THESE PEOPLE ARE THIEVES AND IF YOU WANT TO LEAVE HUNGRY BECAUSE OF THEIR INCOMPETENT SERVICE FOR 25 DOLLARS PLUS FORCED TIP BE MY GUEST.\n\n\nDim sum king..... more like dim sum thieves. Lololololol
This was some of the best sushi I've ever had, and the service was great. A bit pricey but worth it.
Great service, very friendly waitress. \n\nThe music was a bit too loud for my liking. \n\nI received a $20 off of $40 coupon. My friend and I shared a Caesar salad to start. It was good. We both got the pappardelle alla bolognese. The egg noodles were good, a little bit chewy for my liking. The sauce was pretty good. \n\nOverall a pretty good meal. I'm glad I had the coupon though because I feel as though the items are pricier than they should be.
Literally a roach motel. LITERALLY!! Roaches on the heating unit (which the maintenance people will explain as "seasonal bugs"). And noisy as heck. Stay here if you want to hear the road noise from the interstate, all activity in the room next to you, the hallway noise, and the crappiest most expensive breakfast available (with nasty servers).
Came in for dinner a couple months ago, just a week after they had opened. The service was wonderful and the food was delicious. We ordered the egg rolls and the chicken noodles soup. It was so good...so flavorful...so filling! I don't often find myself eating vietnamese food, but when I do, I am quite satisfied.
Fantastic sandwiches, though the fries were lacking. Pastrami and smoked meat were full of flavour and not greasy. Bread was fresh and soft, mustard and pickle were on point.
This is one of the best donut places in Charlotte. I think I like Joe's Doughs and Pepperbox Donuts a little more, but I still love their donuts here. The biggest edge they have is that all of their donuts are served fresh off the line so they are warm when you get them. I like being able to customize and make my own donut. This is definitely a great stop for donuts!
This place lives up to its name, fresh food, good quality produce, delicious combinations, generous portion size.  Ordered 5 salads, 3 fries and a soup today.  They accommodated our requests for dressings on the side, chicken on the side, gluten free, change the type of cheese, make one vegetarian, add dates to another.  All of the salads were awesome (Mixed Berry Chicken and Honey Grill Chicken), lentil Soup, tasty Sweet Potato Fries and Garlic Fries.  Yummy - I mean D'lish!
The ambience is great!  Perfect for a date night, they have a full bar and the food is amazing!  Seriously, I think this is my favorite Indian restaurant of all times.  I just got done eating and I think I want to eat some more, its that good.  There was also a bellydancer that was amazing and super friendly.  They apparently have dancers every Friday and Saturday, perfect for a girls night or just something different to do.
So much hype that i had to finally give it a go. I went with the meatball sub and added jalapenos. MMMM. Very tasty. Much more flavorful then somewhere like subway, or even capriottis. Bread was awesome, and the cherry limeade machine is a godsend. Definitely will have to be back. Not too pricey either.
A family run location that treats you like your one of their own. The food is Great. Service with a smile. John, Beverly, Aaron & crew, thank you for making a great place for lunch.
I haven't really had real good Mexican food until I came here! The food was so good that I had to come back a second time with my friends. I love how many options they have on their menu and the service was friendly and fast. Their sauce goes so well with their tacos. Definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants that are clean and have good flavours!\n\nCan't wait to go back again when I'm craving real Mexican food!
I would have giving another star if the burgers were cooked correctly. I think if mostly all you do is burgers they should be cooked the way you asked for and we were the only table they were cooking for at the time. We ordered two burgers and asked for one medium rare and the other medium. The medium rare one came out rare. The medium one came out medium well. So both of us were slightly disappointed but being one off we could manage and didn't want to waste time having one thrown back on. \n\nThe burger I had seemed to be seasoned nice with a slight charr. About half the people are like me and will only eat half the roll because that's too much bread to eat. I thought the house made garlic knot was good and not too garlicky with the burger. (but I only ate the smaller half not the whole roll) But my companion eat the whole thing and said all together it was too much garlic so it can go either way.\n\nThe truffle string fries are OK but don't didn't taste truffles on our visit. Maybe they left it off or maybe they use real truffle oil that's very delicate? Usually if you taste a lot of truffle flavor it's artificial truffle aroma. So that may be a good thing that we didn't taste the truffle.\n\nWe both had margaritas and I'd pass on them them next time as they were large and too much mixer in proportion to booze.\n\nTwo burgers that came with the fries and two margaritas about $40.00 before tip.
Way overpriced.  Love the decor and ambiance, but Delux prices don't work without top notch burgers.  And $6 fries is just ridiculous.
Reliably decent gyros, although I haven't seen much else that's very exciting about the place as of yet.  It does have its location going for it, though.
At the Playa... Playa Cabana,\nA buzzy taco spot north of Havana (here)\nHer name was Lola, she was a showgirl\nWith yellow feathers in her hair and a dress cut down to there\nShe would merengue and do the cha-cha\nAnd while she tried to be a star\nThere was premium tequila at the bar...\n\nI've been hearing a lot about Playa and I had to try these tacos for myself.\n\nI was hosting a food event here and booked online.\nAdditionally, I received a confirmation email the day of my reservation and I thought it was all good.  It turns out they didn't have my reservation.\n\nLuckily, they had some space and gave us a table (it's still not that easy to get a reservation here for 6 people, they have 3 seatings and 7pm is the most popular).\nThey said they prefer it when people make reservations online, so that they have proof they reserved.  Which didn't make any sense to me, since clearly their system sucks.\n\nThey said even with reservations made over the phone, they still make mistakes. \nGreat.  Good to know.\n\nAnyways, the place is tiny.\nLike PACKED tiny. With no where to put your coats or purses, or anything.\n\nI started with their signature margarita ($9).  Salted rim, could have been more limey but not bad.  Not cheap either, but that's because of the grade of tequila.\n\nFor starters, we had the crab cakes and ceviche.\nThe crab cakes were little tender moist meatballs of crab.\nNot very crispy but soft and tasty but maybe more filler than crab meat.\n\nThe ceviche came with fried tortilla chips.\nI didn't love the ceviche.  It was very runny and mostly onion bits and not seafood.\n\nThe fish tacos were okay.  You have to pay a dollar more for grilled fish.\nI found the fish overcooked and a bit bland.  ($14)\n\nMy side chopped salad was $3 and had more kick than the fish tacos.\nThe shortrib crispy tacos were way tastier.  I should have gone with those!\n\nFor dessert, the churros are timbit sized fried deliciousness.\nThe three milk cake was a surprise.  It was a huge slice with buttery cream.\n\nOverall, I had an okay experience here.  But with all the taco places popping up around the city, I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to return to Playa (and yes, I consider Dupont and Davenport out of the way, so your food better be awesome).
This is my favorite lunch spot and not just because it's across the street from my office. The menu mostly consists sandwiches and salads, as well as a few appetizers and entrees. But don't be fooled into thinking the food is "boring, accessible, business-lunch fare." Far from it. The menu has subdued Southwestern influences and executes everything with skill and grace. The chicken salad sandwich is to die for, as is the pork belly sandwich. Also highly enjoyable are the seasonal quiche, Sonoran chopped salad, barbecue pork sliders, and green chile stew.\n\nIn sum, this restaurant demonstrates that well-prepared food using fresh, local ingredients might be all you really need.\n\nP.S.: Phoenix Art Museum members get 10% off, so join!
Yuck again. Reminded me of BAD high school cafeteria pizza. Aiello's and Mineo's are both better
Wonderful Indian food!  The best food and service.  Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.  5 stars!
I took my family to dinner there to celebrate a birthday. I want to start by saying our server Jill was outstanding from start to finish . Its hard to say what left a better impression , the food or JiIl !! We started with some calamari, meatballs, and Clams and Mussels Vongole , all delicious . We ordered Ckn parm , eggplant Parm , Lobster ravioli, and the kids Mac n Cheese . Everything was delicious and large portions . The restaurant is very affordable and a great family environment
Alas, my craving for Indian food came to the point where I had to breakdown and eat Indian food on the West Coast. :(  I'm sorry to say that my craving for Indian was not met and the "timing" to eat at "Tandoori Times" couldn't have been worse.\n\nTo start off my first sign of disappointment was when I called to see if the had a lunch buffet\n\nThey didn't.  What Indian Restaurant doesn't do a lunch buffet!?\n\nWell two to be in exact, which happens to be the only two Indian restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale (Tandoori Times and Jewel of the Crown) which is where I work, of course.\n\nThe cuisine...\n\nFirst off, I'm a big believer that you can judge an Indian restaurant by their chicken tikka masala, so since this was my first visit to Tandoori, I had to try it.   Let's just say it was okay at best.  The tikka masala was little bit spicier than usual, which is fine with me, and it also had the right consistency and richness from the cream you expect, but it missed the slight sweetness that contrasts the spices from the sauce.  Disappointing.\n\nNext was the naan.\n\nThe naan came out warm and had that ever so slight crispy outside that I adore, but the inside was slightly doughy or little too moist, which made the naan slightly chewy after it cooled off.  It was still good, but come on; you can at least master the basics right?\n\nWrong.\n\nLet's go to the rice.  First and foremost I don't ever recall where you had to pay for rice at any Indian restaurant.  Well guess what?  I did.  $2.50 to be exact!!!  And for $2.50, did they master this staple side dish?  Noooo...\n\nIt wasn't like it was horrible but I have never had Indian rice that was oily; it was slight, but you could taste and feel it.  Overall texture and flavor was sub par, but I couldn't get over the slightly oily taste and texture.  All I could think was that I was eating Chinese fried rice (b/c of the oiliness) with my tikka masala.  Sigh... Oh well.  Atleast they gave a hearty portion.\n\nDecor was adequate, dark green and red colored sheer covered sections of walls and was used a divider to break up the room.  But what was up with the standard white office acoustical tiles in the ceiling?  Atleast black it out like most restaurants.  I felt like I was at work or in some weird episode of The Office.  An episode when Steve Carell's character, Michael, decides to go to an Indian restaurant at lunch and notices the same thing...but to only make an erroneous comment out loud so everyone in the restaurant could here, starts mocking Indians and their accent and everything then goes down hill: something I would only laugh if on TV, but would not in real life.  I couldn't get over the fact that on top of that they had the audacity to then painted random acoustical tiles dark red and blue, which made your eyes look up at the ceiling.  I'm clueless on that one.\n\nAnyways, I am very hard pressed to find a reason to go back Tandoori Times.  For all you Phoenicians you never had Indian Food, save your taste buds and go to NYC or anywhere back east and try it there.  But if you get the urge, I would suggest go to India Delhi Palace on McDowell Road.  The food is actually pretty good, for AZ standards that is.\n\nMore along the lines of 2 1/2 Stars
Back at playa after a year for dinner date with my girlfriends. Started with guacamole- way too smooth for our liking and lacked flavour. We ordered braised beef tacos which was okay not to tasty and oily. Steak Beef burrito was delicious and the tres leche cake was very dry. Over the years their service and food quality has gone down. Back in the day hey used to make their tortillas in house as you wait to it they now get delivered - as we were leaving they got a delivery. Definitely not going back, there are better authentic places out there. This one is overrated.
Every taco we had was amazing. The churros we so good we had dessert twice!! Although it gets busy the patio is great for a summer time afternoon brunch. To me playa cabana is the top Mexican restaurant in the city.
Really fun place to go for something different! They're always hosting fun events and have daily specials that are bangin. Looooove the bourbon chicken rice bowl and all the flavors packed into it! Food portions are perfect and prices aren't bad either. The service was great and the atmosphere was cozy. Definitely a must try.
My last visit to Carrabas. First we were greeted by the most unhappy hostess. Next, we asked the bartender if there were any happy hour specials and all he said was they has no good specials. He never told us what they were.  My friend ordered spaghetti with meat sauce and I ordered manicotti. To say his spaghetti needed more sauce was an understatement. We literally counted about four pieces of meat in the entire dish. He had to ask three different people for extra sauce before he actually got any. For $13, I got two tubes of manicotti. I honestly mean this and I'm not trying to disparage the place but I could've bought frozen manicotti and dumped ragu on it and it would have tasted just as good. And $5.35 for a draft Peroni is too much. I think boxed spaghetti with Ragu would've been better than what my friend had. It's a shame because I used to really like this place.  But that will be my last visit. We overheard the waitress at the table next to us tell them they could not order pizza because it was only able to be taken out not eaten in. And if they wanted to order pizza it would take an hour and a half!  They got up and left. I wish we would've also.
We ordered the Greek omelette and the corned beef hash. The portions were very generous... The home fries were really good!  Coffee was quite fresh and strong. Service was friendly and prompt (there weren't too many people at the restaurant at the time). \n\nPs: clean washroom!
I love the cinnamon sugar and the maple bacon. It's always a treat to go to ducks donuts. I would definitely go if you were think of going.
Service is pathetic.  What's the point of taking a drink order if you never fill it.\n\nHad to ask for my drink three times before I got it.\n\nIt arrived after my salad, which was wilted.\n\nStill waiting on dinner.\n\nGot my dinner..Still waiting on my biscuits.\n\nDinner was good... Service did improve at the end.
I have to preface this review by stating that I work in Downtown Phoenix, and its been a struggle to find a solid, tasty, quick, relatively close pho place over the past three years. Me and a coworker had a monstrous craving for pho, and I decided I'd ask the Yelp Gods for help finding somewhere to go.\n\nI'm not sure how I missed this place before. I'm not sure how long they've been open. I'm not sure how my life ever felt complete without coming here once a week for some grub.\n\nIt's a relatively small spot with a few 2 and 4 person tables. The staff greets you and helps you find a seat immediately, which is surprising given how busy they are during the lunch hour. When it comes to pho, I generally know what I want (easy rare pho, which is #23 at Pho Noodles, and some thai tea) and they are always quick to ask what I want. You know whats crazy, though? They're even quicker to bring out your food, which is fantastic when you're on a one hour lunch break and have to rush back to the office for a meeting.\n\nI suppose I should talk more about the food? The pho is ridiculously good. It's hard to explain, because its not necessarily the *best* pho I've ever had, but it's exactly what I'm looking for, at the perfect price point, and the perfect location.\n\nWhen me and my pho-loving homegurl coworker leave, our bill is about $22 for two bowls and two teas. Doesn't get much better than that.
Last 2 times I got a burger here the outside of the hamburger was burnt to where it was crispy, IMO not healthy. Won't be back for another try.
I only used to like the donuts from Krispy Kream, but this place is a must. They make the donuts right in front of you, fresh...yummy goodness. Well, but that is not all! You can choose your topping and the toppings are from your plain vanilla to salted caramel and bacon maple. \n\nThis place is always packed on the weekend, but I never have to wait too long. The prices are extremely decent and inviting. Get a coffee with your donuts and all is good. The seating area is small and seating is sparse, but that also does not matter, because most people do not come here to sit down. They rather grab their donut and devour it at home. Since this is in my neighborhood I come here often. I support local business and quality!
Quick, efficient service and generous portions with  reasonable prices. I drove by this place and decided to give it a try because I was craving noodle soup. I ordered the chicken and shrimp pho to go and it was ready in 5 minutes. When I unpacked the broth and ingredients at home, I was impressed by the huge container of broth and the heaps of chicken. Although there were only 4 pieces shrimp, everything tasted fresh and delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a quick, tasty and affordable Vietnamese food.
I give this five stars because of the cleanliness and selection.... Lots of food and it was all fresh and delicious. Compared to other Chinese buffets this is definitely one of the better ones.... I recommend it... Staff was friendly as well so all around good choice
Airport anxiety is soothed with a made to order donut. And awesome of awesomes? it's not really far off the path home. Treat? Donut mind if I do.
Came here about a month ago on a Sunday afternoon. There was a big group of us and we all left very happy and satisfied. \n\nThe staff were great. They took really good care of our big group. Being such a large group, we just asked one of the servers to recommend/order for us. Unfortunately, I forget his name...but he did an awesome job. We had a good variety of items. \n\nThe food was awesome! Lots of flavour. I don't think there was anything we didn't like. Some of the favorites amongst the group included the shrimp bucket, lobster taco, both types of fish taco, and braised short-rib taco. They were all very tasty and served with a healthy portion of meat.\n\nThere was one mishap during the meal though...one of the sangrias came with a loooooooong strand of hair :S (It was stuck on the ice cube...) They were very apologetic and a fresh one was made right away. \n\nRegardless, we had a wonderful experience and we'll definitely be back.
This place is magical, a true hidden gem.
Three words... Love. This. Place. I was so happy when I moved back to Charlotte from Virginia Beach to find out they were building a Duck Donuts here in the QC! I thought I would have leave this gem of a donut place behind in VA. GO HERE! You won't be disappointed. Get the maple bacon donut with the maple drizzle.
My wife and I visited Charr with a couple friends for restaurant week this week. We sat out front and waited for our waiter to take our drink orders... And waited... And waited.\n\nNearly 10 minutes after we were seated, I try to flag someone down through the front window, and finally our waitress arrived and took our orders. She apologized for the delay, said something about how she had to train someone to enter food orders. It didn't seem exceptionally busy, so I think they just forgot we were seated. I thought this might be an isolated incident, but then I watched another man with a small child get seated near us a half hour later and end up leaving before a waitress ever arrived because the child couldn't wait any longer to eat... I see from the reviews other people have had similar experiences. Maybe the wait staff they're training will improve the service here, but it wasn't great when we went.\n\nThe reason I am giving 3 stars is the food. The Carolina burger was delicious... The sauce and bacon were savory, the garlic knot bun was perfect. Their fries were great and they give you plenty of them.\n\nI'd recommend this place for the food, but expect to wait for it.
Been here multiple times on different days and at different times. They have a consistent flow of customers but I've always been able to get a table. I usually get the egg rolls, pho, and Thai tea. They always have fast service and the food is always tasty.  The service is good and I enjoy stopping in when I'm in the area.
AMAZING! We came on a Saturday night, which was pretty packed, but the service was phenomenal! The food literally came about 5 minutes after we ordered! The food was very good, and a bit spicy! The tacos are super good and have a unique taste! I definitely recommend this place! You may want to sit outside if you come at night because the music is very loud inside! Overall 5/5 stars!
Great concept, good location, but very busy at times. The guy that took my order messed it up but everyone makes mistakes, right? The ordering process was a bit tricky... I didn't realize it until I had gotten back to the office, but no biggie, I was buying for a work event. The idea of hot donuts sounds awesomely great! However, they should actually taste good.  These donuts leave something to be desired. How about concentrating on different cake batters instead of sugary, artificial flavored and artificial colored toppings? I would just love it if Charlotte for once, could get some life in the business of baking, its definitely lacking here.
Very large portions, 13 will get you fries, coleslaw, pickle and sandwich I had the ruben, nice rye, good size portion of smoked meat, swiss cheese grilled up, the meat was sliced well and tender. Service was super friendly, this is an old school family restaurant spot. Not fancy, but tidy, comfortable tables. But it's not going to win decor awards. But if you want a big lunch for a not big outlay it's a great place to go with parking available as well.
After reading some of the reviews I was sceptical. Turned out to be tasty and no more pricey than the other burger joints we had visited. Friendly staff and happy hour all day Sunday! Will return!
I agree with Raymond! They just don't get the order right. I think they do it because they don't care. They know u are not coming back once u pull off. I don't know how they stay in business or employee. The food is so bad and cold..
The sushi here is wonderful. The service is top-notch and the portions are very generous. \nTheir menu offers a wide variety of rolls and traditional sushi and sashimi favorites.\nWhat makes Red so special is that it's not your run-of-the-mill sushi chain restaurant.
It's great for a quick lunch but just average food and prices. \n\nThe veal and chicken are good but I find more bread and less meat. It's still very good if you want that meal (subway is your next choice beside) \n\nService 5-5 \n\nFood 3/5 \n\nPrice /3/5 \n\n\nThat is all. Ow now brown cow. \n\n-
So it took a long time to get the nerve up to try this again!!\n\nBut I did, and I have to say - the Chicken Tikka Masala - MUCH better! Avoid the butter chicken, as it's tasteless.\n\nThe garlic naan is also quite good, though a little pricy at $3. You do get a good sized one though to be fair.\n\nI've had it twice now and it's been decent both times. And when I say decent, I do mean for mall food court food. If you want really good indian, go somewhere else. But on a day you want something a little different than McD's, etc, it fits the bill.
This is a basic Chinese food court restaurant.   The item selection is pretty limited to a handful of meats and about the same amount of sides to choose from.  The pricing was average and serving sizes were good. \n\nThe best part of this place is the general Taos chicken and the friendly service behind the counter.   They were quick, helpful and polite which is why I will come back more than the food.  \n\nEnjoy!
There was a lot of anticipation waiting for this place to open. Everyone loves a good gourmet donut and the Charlotte scene has been seriously lacking them. It is located in that little pocket of shops between Kenilworth and the East Blvd Harris Teeter (behind Menchies)\nDuck Donuts is a little more simplistic than I was expecting.\nYou have one type of base donut.  \nYou then choose the type of icing you want. Off the top of my head, there were about 8-10 choices. I chose one with Orange icing and one with maple icing.  \nNext you chose a topping to go on each donut. I think there were only five options here. I went with chocolate sprinkles on my orange iced donut and bacon on my maple iced donut. They also had coconut, peanuts and regular sprinkles.\nThere are about 40-50 different combinations you can make between icing and toppings. The ones I had were pretty delicious. They also came out fresh. My donuts were still hot when I got home with them five minutes later.\nUltimately I was not blown away to the point of now having to fight the urge to return, but they were very good and a great new place to grab breakfast. I'll be back for sure but think I can limit this to a once a month place instead of a once a week need.
Great coffee. Sybil makes it perfect every morning. Can't eat a lot of the food there but there is a deli is next door. You can eat your sandwich in this crazy mocha and get a good coffee.
Went for Spring Restaurant week hoping to check out a new local spot with a few friends.  Unfortunately this ended up being the worst dining experience of my life.  \n\nWe were seated for 10-15 minutes before anyone came over to our table.  Waitress was awkward and possibly on drugs (?!).  We got our appetizers 30 minutes after ordering.  When our entree eventually came, it was cooked incorrectly and was incomplete, missing sides of French fries for each burger.  \n\nThe owner came by our table several times making crass jokes and being offensive. The waitress unapologetically blamed the slow service on "trivia night" and only being staffed with two waitresses.  To top it off when we go to address our experience with management, the rude owner comes over and tells us to GET OUT, mocks our concerns, and asks us to never come back. NEVER have I felt more uncomfortable and offended than during my visit to Charr. \n\nThe sad thing is, the food here was decently good.
Whenever I visit the museum I make a point to stop at Palette. Wonderful food and always fresh and delicious. I like the fact that they use local food suppliers! Service is consistently excellent!
We went shortly after the 9 AM opening and there was ample seating to choose from...but likely because people were still digging themselves out of the snowstorm!  Ladies wheel dim sum carts around and we were able to quickly fill our table and bellies with our favourites.  Service is quite prompt and pricing decent; dishes are charged based on sizes (have no idea how it works!) but I think we must have ordered 10 dishes for 3 people and the total was about $36!  We haven't been here for maybe more than 15 years and glad to see it's still doing well and among the dim sum favourites in TO.
Villa Tap has been at this location since 1976. Chico bought the place ~6 years ago and can usually be seen around. \n\nThe regulars claim that the Friday fish fry is the best in town. While it definitely is good, I wouldn't go as far as to call it the best. However, it does make for a good option for food if you have sometime before a flight (given the proximity to the airport)\n\nParking is limited to about ~15 cars so if you get street parking around, grab it. The place is filled with sports memorabilia and is worth a shot if you are in the neighborhood
I asked for lots of fresh grated Parmesan cheese on my Spaghetti Carbonara; I love cheese!  I really liked the texture of the stringy hand made spaghetti.  It was like comfort food and very al dente!  I also liked the double smoked bacon slices within the spaghetti.  I wish there were more egg and caramelized onions in the dish though and even more cheese would have made the dish come together more in terms of flavour.  When comparing this pasta dish to the one that we all had here on our first visit (a creamy fettuccine seafood dish that was on special that night), this one pales in comparison.  Nevertheless, I still really enjoyed the quality of the pasta here! :)
The pita and meat were good, but the gyro was rather lacking in the tomatoes, onions, and sauce department. The crinkle cut fries didn't taste particularly good, it reminded me a lot of those frozen fries that you can make in the microwave. Despite going in on a Tuesday, when it's supposed to be cheaper, it still cost me $7 for a medium combo. Hardly enough food for the money, but decent if you want some greek.
Going to this place has become a ritual for my boyfriend and I. We go every year when the patio opens. We don't go more often only because we eat way too much every time. I'd recommend getting more appetizers than meals. My fav combo is the guac, the corns and the shrimp (sorry I don't recall the Spanish words). I personally didn't love the Chorizo sausage. It was too spicy and saucy for me. \n\nService has room for improvement. Last time we were here we had to wait for the menus for 20 minutes, but to their defence it was super busy on the patio and it's not like they could fit any more servers. \n\nUnlike other patios on Dupont, this one is on the street and super cozy. I highly recommend!
oh man I used to really love this place! went there on saturday for a friend's birthday and it was just rude, rushed, and uncomfortable. the waiter's attitude set the tone for the entire meal - seemed irritated when we were ordering, asking him questions (even easy ones, like hey a lot of your drinks sound great, which one would you recommend?), or taking too long (i.e. 5-10 minutes) to look at the menu before ordering our meals/desserts. I know there is a time limit, but that doesn't mean that it should be okay for restaurants to make you FEEL THAT every second of your time there...the waiter was clearly trying to force us to order as fast as possible to have enough time for the next seating. I think I'm done with places with the 'time limit' -especially when the bill ends up being $300 for the 4 of us. We ordered a pitcher of the house margarita. Our appetizers (ceviche and guac) came out hilariously fast - like 2m after ordering - also a gross "are both of these just sitting in big vats at the back of the restaurant" feeling. Our pitcher didn't come until we finished the appetizers (lol) even though we ordered it as soon as we go there. Fail. Fail, Playa Cabana. Had a good time because of the friends I was with, but man...everything else almost ruined the night. Luckily, food was good, although we had to slurp down our coffee and cake because were almost out of time. Maybe have longer reservations for groups 4+. Maybe just enough with the timed dinners now that you have a zillion other locations. There are just too many other good restaurants in Toronto to put up with that. Sad times.\n\nBTW - although they're not as hipster or whatever, Mexi-Taco and Rebozos both have equally delicious food without the B.S. My boyfriend is Mexican so I have some cred in this department, lol.
Myself, sister and her boyfriend came here for a quick early dinner. I have it broken down from atmosphere, service and food quality.\n\nThe atmosphere was really chill and relax. Not only do you have a choice of table, booth but also a couch booth(which we opted for). They have fireplaces going and you're welcomed by the amazing smell of grilled foods. Also they have areas with couches and tv (perfect for you game night folks). \n\nThe service was spectacular and our waitress Savannah was extremely attentive! She was friendly, quick and intuitive to our next need (filling up waters, condiments and etc).\n\nFinally the food was above bar food but not gourmet quality, atleast for my plate. I ordered a bison burger medium rare and I was really disappointed by how over cooked it was. It was pretty much well done, which over all kills the natural flavor. (Pictures attached).\nThe deviled eggs were amazing but too salty, they sprinkle with sea salt and I would recommend going it and maybe drizzling a little syrup or honey to counter act the saltiness of the bacon in the deviled eggs.\nOne of us got the duck wings and he was floored by the quality of the sauce and the Sriracha ranch was INCREDIBLE! We had to ask for more of it to dip in and for myself to cover the over cooked texture of the bison. My sister loved her BBQ bacon burger and said it was amazing.\n\nI'm giving it a 4 because I believe maybe my bison was just perhaps an off moment in the kitchen. It's obvious the skill in the cooking from the other plates at our table and the atmosphere makes it all worth the visit.
Really don't understand why buffet here always mix Chinese and Japanese food together. It has a Chinese name but wth are those "hibachi" and "sushi" words, it's Japanese not chinese! k about the food, generally neither good nor bad, no big difference from Tokyo Grill or Ichiban, but the Hibachi is special and I think would be good. More expensive than Tokyo for lunch, and dunno whether a student card can get a discount
Great place for a sub.  I think it is one of the best sub shop franchises going these days.  the mesa location had great customer service. \n\ngood sub shop.
"Assortment - we choose" turns out to be pretty vile.  I wanted to be quick and not custom order each donut so I choose the DD assortment thinking that they would have a defined variety. NOPE!  Apparently they just pick the closest flavors and icings with no thought to the outcome.  A couple were edible but with combos like orange icing with bacon, strawberry with Oreo crumbs, peanut butter with chocolate and carmel my family couldn't stomach most of them.  What a disappointment.  \n\nPlease design a "standard" assortment of good combos.  Don't let your staff continue to do this.
this place is not very good.  first off the service is slow and unresponsive.  i dont want to have to adk for something multiple times.  second the pho broth is overloaded with cinnamon.  if you want pho done right in this area go to pho thanh.
This place is in the heart of Montreal's Little Italy. Menu on a chalk board was quaint, but hard to follow. I felt pressure to decide when the waiter visited my table to explain the menu. Since I was dining alone, the drink selection was limited. (Maybe if I ordered a bottle of something, but I only wanted a glass.) \n\nI began the meal with a complimentary Bruchetta on Crusted Bread. The tomato and olive oil was so fresh. I then ordered the Arugula Salad with Shaved Parmesan and a Balsamic Vinegar Reduction. Yum! Ate every bit. \n\nThen I ordered the Farfalle Pasta with Lamb Ragu. The portion was huge. Couldn't finish. It tasted very nice -- not out of this world, but still quite good. \n\nOnly down side, the price. Meal for one with salad, drink and tip was over $50. For that price, I expected more. Probably won't return.
The dim sum is acceptable, but rather mediocre. Rol san is easily a notch or 2 higher. This is my rol san backup. The big plus here is that it's a huge restaurant, so you'll probably get seating even for a bigger group.\n\nMust try:\n- Tofu fa. Hard to get at downtown dim sum, so they win points here for scarcity.\n\nRecommended:\n- Beef tripe. A couple bad pieces, but overall it is quite good. This is another dish which can easily be screwed up at mediocre dim sum, so it's worth ordering here.\n- Sticky rice\n\nMeh:\n- Cha siu bao. Somehow they screwed this up a couple times. Clumpy in all the wrong places.\n- Curry squid. Some good pieces, some bad. If it was all good pieces, it would be great. If it was all bad pieces, it would be vomit worthy.\n\nThose were the dishes that stand out. I'll update as I remember more or return. I'm pretty sure the ha gow is fine.
Being from Chicago now living in Scottsdale for the last 7 years Luke's was our go to place when we wanted Italian beef. Were were even happy to pay the price. But the last 2 times we went the large beef appears to be the size the regular beef used to be. So we tried Al's and not even close to the same as far as we are concerned. But to pay for a large beef and get something that looked like about 6-7 inches (sorry didn't have my tape measure handy)  made us very unhappy. I mean 2 beefs 2 fries and a large drink for $25 you can eat just about anywhere for that and would expect to get what you pay for. As soon as the newness dies down we will be heading over to check out Portilos which I have heard is excellent and the prices are great. Wake up Luke's your food is good and usually not too much of a wait but give us what we pay for!!!
I had the meatball sandwich and 2 of the 6 meatballs were literally hard and half burnt (yea burnt)...Don't know if I just came on an bad day or what but ive been to better subways.
I love supporting black businesses .. Location was ok . Place was very clean . Their cupcakes where Amazing!! Only reason it's getting 3 stars is because their food had absolutely no flavor .. Like it didn't taste like Jamaican food
Excellent place for real Italian food!!!\nIf you are looking for a REAL Italian family style restaurant, this is THE PLACE!!!\nThe setting is like being in Italy. You will love the atmosphere. Great experience.  \n\nThis is the best place we have been in Las Vegas. The service was perfect!! We made a reservation and had to queue only for 3 minutes, when the restaurant was flooded by customers arriving from everywhere. We had the pasta which is unique, a sublime pizza, an amazing tiramisù and cannoli (The list of pastries is delicious) and as we were really happy with the table we got, we decide to get an Italian red wine Chianti.\n\nExcellent service, food and atmosphere. Thank you Ninni, Pasquale and Milena.\nI wish you al the best!!
Does one really think about sushi at 1100 a.m.? Well, that's when they open and that's when we popped in. So I don't think they were expecting a party of 10 that early, but they stepped up regardless! Kudos for that! And kudos to the young gal working our party, she did a bang-up job! \n\nThis place has a nice vibe! Great décor, very clean and seemingly appropriate for their food genre. The sushi itself, spot on! Now for full disclosure, though I love sushi, I don't eat it enough to know the going prices. So six bucks per sushi selection (two pieces of sushi) seemed a bit steep to me. So needless to say/write, I didn't walk away full, but I did walk away satisfied, if that makes any sense.\n\nI'd return, though, that's for certain! And if you have not tried them, you should!
Had an fantastic meal here today and an even more amazing experience!\n\nI've lived in Las Vegas for 20 years and seen many "Italian" places come and go. Most are New York Italian but this is the first (off-strip) since (old) Roma Deli that is actually run by Italians! \n\nThis is no deli though. It's a Trattoria which is a type of restaurant in Italy where you can enjoy home cooked Italian food for a reasonable price, and this is exactly that type of establishment.\n\nThe dad comes in the morning to cook the sauces, dolci etc. and then the rest of the family come in throughout the day to operate the restaurant. You can tell as soon as you step through the door that the place has a buzz. The decor is cosy and warm but I think it's the personalities that really make the atmosphere what it is. \n\nI love good food & wine, hearing the chattering of people, the clinking of glasses and the waiters talking back and fourth in Italian because it reminds me of Italy. Some lady on the table next to me wasn't a fan of the guys speaking in Italian or something and complained; I was relieved when I heard the owner tell her politely that if she doesn't like people speaking in Italian then maybe this wasn't the place for her.\n\nCan't wait to come back! This is my new favorite spot and I will be happy to refer them any business i can to help compensate for people who can't stand authentic restaurants....I hope those people choke on their never ending salad bar!\n\nGreat food & wine at a reasonable price, warm & friendly service and a fantastic location...what else do you need?
Good burger, found this place on IDine.
If you like  noodle soup then China Buffet is the place to go. You can go up at the hibachi and tell them to make you noodle soup. My folks and I love the udon noodle soup. It has alot of flavor. The noodle is included in the buffet price. The sushi is okay depending on the days you go. If you are a sushi lover then go to Fuse Buffet. I love the crab ragoon  because the way it is made. It is not flat crab ragoon. The servers are very nice and they refill your drinks quickly. If you love Pho then you will love the noodle soup they make at the Hibachi.
I stumbled upon Duck Dounts out of the blue. You choose the glaze and toppings on your donuts. This was my first time at Duck Donuts and I was clueless to what I wanted to get. The young man behind the counter was very helpful. I ended up with lemon glaze with coconuts on top and cinnamon sugar with chocolate on top. I love the lemon glaze. Its donuts are not too heavy and not too sweet. They are fantastic donuts. I went on a Sat around 5:00 pm and I was first in line. Great customer services and great donuts.
The best pho place in Toronto. Make sure you always ask for fresh noodles. Very fast service. Sometimes you have to wait in line but the turnover is quick. It is cash only. I love the specials you can get from fri-sun.
This a truly wonderful addition to the Toronto cafe scene.  The decor is whimsical and warm, seating options are varied (they have raised platforms with cushions and rugs) board game selection is good and of course, the tea selection is outstanding and the owners are such sweet people.\n\nTheir lemongrass chai was magical on a cool night.  Will absolutely come back!
Went to eat here around 11AM. It's not a busy place at all, looking at the outside and the empty parking lot you might even think this place is closed. there will probably be 1-2 different guests aside from you. The waitress is really friendly. I noticed she would try to really converse with the guests. The service was really quick which was great and the place was really clean\n\nI ordered the Nutella and strawberry waffle w/ whip cream- I opted out of the whip cream. The waffle itself wasn't the greatest. It was really chewy and unflavourful, had to include a lot of strawberries in each bite to help swallow it. Presentation was great though \n\nMy parents ordered the morning special (3 eggs any style, 3 meat of your choice (bacon, sausage or ham), toast and home style potato all for $4.99). I had a few bites.. The sausage was good, however my parents did find it a bit on the oily side. But the potatoes were the best part (it had spices over it) \n\nAll in all I don't think id be ordering the waffle again. And I don't think id come back unless I was srsly craving the breakfast special (since it's so cheap).
This was my first time eating here and my last! I am not a subway fan so I figured I would give this place a shot as it is near my house. Never have I had so big an issue with ordering a sandwich. When I walked in I took some time to look around the store and the menu to see what they had to offer. Big mistake! The lady at the counter gave me this look like I had spit on the floor or something. After about 5 mins of looking at the menu I decided to order the firehouse hero sandwich. Their prices are way more than I expected but figured if the sandwich was any good then it would be worth it.\n\nAs I paid for my sandwich and went to sit down I heard the counter lady say something like this guy needs to be going to Jenny Craig not here! I could not believe she would sit there and talk about a customer like that. Her personal feelings aside (btw aren't sandwiches supposed to be a healthy food option?) She should have kept it to herself. Or at least said it once I left. I am a big person but that has nothing to do with how I should be treated. As for the food I have to say I was not impressed. The Virginia honey ham was way to sweet for me. It had this weird almost maple syrup flavor that overpowered the rest of the sandwich. After 2 bites I was done. Bad service, high prices, and even worst food earn this place a nice spot on my never again list.
Great food went there with a large group sat after moving. Got in easy, server was attentive, chef even came to our table! The food was delis! We will definitely be back!
Had a quick lunch in this tiny little cafe the other day. The menu mostly consists of soups and sandwiches, along with some breakfast items like pancakes. I went for the soup and half sandwich combo, which made for a well-priced, filling, and tasty midday meal. The ingredients were all fresh and high-quality. Service was friendly and efficient.
Fun atmosphere and decorations. The atmosphere is typical mainland china style. Kind of garish and over the top and showy. Nothing understated here. But it is a change of pace from the typical generic styling you usually see. The name in chinese is not actually china buffet but rather summer palace which refers to an historic site north of beijing which is not necessarily a proud moment in chinese history but historic and a fabulous place to visit and on most tourist's list when in that area. The real summer palace is the definition of over the top. Anyways on to the food itself. The food is decent, you will most likely find at least 2-3 things that will satisfy you when you visit as they have a wide range of dishes. I will point out the highlights. First off, the hibachi grill is good, always, always get that first and they have scallops. The soup is another decent item. The rolls here are not worth much in my book and i always pass them up. The steamed fish is very good. One very unique item here is the frogs legs. How many chinese buffets serve frogs legs every day? In my opinion, this is not the best chinese buffet in the area but it has the most variety and noisy typical "chinese" atmosphere. Which is a good thing when you are in the mood, if not you may find it too noisy which I sometimes do. I do enjoy coming here for lunch and sometimes dinner.
Not really a sub type of guy but this one hit the spot. I had the turkey breast on wheat and my best description would be if Quiznos and Subway made a love child. You could tell the quality of ingredients was high and everything was as fresh as it could be....amazing at what a difference that makes. If you have an appetite get the 12 inch, the 8 inch just didnt look like it would get it done for myself. The theme of the place is pretty cool and it really adds to the atmosphere when there are real firemen eating their lunch there. \n\nNext time I am in the mood for a sub this will be my spot.
Finally made it over to this tasty establishment! The donuts were fresh and made to order. I had no idea there were so many additional toppings you could choose from for no extra costs. \n\nI ordered a cinnamon sugar (yum), vanilla frosting with salted caramel  (yummy), and a maple frosting with powdered sugar (just, wow!). I don't like super sweet, granulated frosting but their frosting is creamy and just right.\nTreat yo self and stop into Duck Donuts, you'll be glad you did!\n^.^
The restaurant seemed very nice from the outside and once you get inside but upon looking at the menu it doesn't take Long to notice that all of the soups have the same ingredients very bland flavor and a complete waste of time and money\n\n\n Do yourself a favor and don't come here they'll be closed in six months for sure
Love going here early in the morning, getting a donut and a coffee and sitting outside at one of their tables. Service is fast and the food is amazing.
This place is fantastic. Everything from their gyros to hummus to fries are all on point. Live jazz is great (I forget which nights) and their special deal on Tuesdays makes this a great lunch spot on Green Street. This place definitely exceeds expectations in Chambana, and I hope it continues to thrive!
I got a burger asked for medium. I got we'll done with over salted fries. My girlfriend got a salad. Which looked like cut up condiments for the burgers on top of romaine lettuce. The lettuce was mainly the heart of the romaine which was yellow.  Cool looking place that's about it. After visiting here I really don't want to attempt to visit aiellos. Don't want to get disappointed.
Just\nYum.\n\nSo fresh great ingredients. Warm but not too warm, everything made in front of you. Highly recommend.
Wow! Our new favorite place. Amazing food, friendly service. The lasagne and profiteroles were amazing. We were looking for a great quality Italian restaurant without the Strip prices and found it. I was particularly impressed with the desserts. I'm kind of hard to please, since I usually like the desserts I make better than what most restaurants serve, even when they make it themselves (they're typically too sugary), but these were so good (my husband got the cannoli. Best in town!)\n\nCan't wait until they have outside seating next week.
Went with a group and enjoyed everything we ate. \n\nOrder a bucket of beers, have some guac and chips and order all the tacos! Make sure you wrap up with the tres leche cake. \n\nI've been obsessed with the cake since we were there (which is saying a lot since the rest of the food is great).
For burgers, this place gets 5 stars! Perfectly done, delectably served on perfect fresh made rolls! The truffle fries rock! Their desserts are amazing! Highly recommended this place! Great prices too!
Seriously the best authentic Vietnamese food in all of Toronto. My father is Vietnamese and refuses to eat anywhere else. It's amazing. The portions are insane and so incredibly well priced. The staff speaks English and are so friendly. Just overall, it's an amazing place. Amazing food at great prices. What more could you ask for?
We had a Blast in Vegas due to Geebees...our bartender Damion was the best!!!!!!! The food was good and fresh...for it to be bar food.
went there today for lunch - clerk was talking to his girlfriend, who was sitting at nearby table playing on her laptop - very unprofessional \nburger was tough - tomatoes were hard and old - probably will not go back again
Great donuts! I don't usually eat donuts but I had to try these since they seemed so special. We got a dozen which included mint icing with chocolate sprinkles (specialty flavor), raspberry glazed, cinnamon roll, vanilla icing with Oreo, and peanut butter chocolate. I don't know which one my favorite was. They were all so good!
Tried A Variety Of Donuts, My Favorites Ended Up Being The Maple Bacon And Vanilla Oreo...Would Definitely Return And Recommend To Others.  Are they better than Krispy Kreme???  Most definitely.  Give them a try.
We're both from Chicago and Luke's has become our regular Saturday lunch stop while doing the grocery shopping. We were so happy to have Luke's come into the Airpark as North Scottsdale had nothing even close to Chicago beef, sausage and dogs leaving a large Midwest population out in the cold.  It seems Luke's has changed that and to all appearances found themselves a solid customer base with what seems to be a good return customer volume. As far as the food, it's great Chicago  food which brings us back about once a week. The beef combo is delicious and the fries are nice and crispy.  It's so nice to finally have a place that stays open past 6 where you can grab a sandwich on the way home from work.  Unfortunately I'm used to joints using dirtier oil and thus greezier darker fries. LOL It's a Chi Ga Go thing. Keep up the good work Josh.
Breakfast is a meal that could easily be made at home, so your eggs better dress to impress!\n\nWe went here after dutifully consulting yelp for a place between my friend's place in Scarberia and mine in Fair Markhamia. Panagio's had a decent rating and the price was right so we went right in.\n\nATMOSPHERE\n\nCan you say 'unremarkable yet clean' and 'diner'? Smaller than expected inside, the tables line up right along the window facing McCowan. Light! Beautiful light and grimy winter highway. Thanks, Canada. Tables fit two to four and several could be joined for a larger table, but I wouldn't recommend trying to get in a table of 10 or 12. The biggest group we saw was five.\n\nGood for your friends and a casual breakfast. No dates! \n\nFOOD\n\nI ordered a three-egg vegetarian omelette with a side of toast. It came with five respectable pieces of fruit and golden brown potato wedges. The omelette was fine, though I can't remember it. The potatoes were nicely crispy and possibly deep friend - it was Christmas so I slathered em in a massacre of delicious, sugar-filled ketchup OM NOM NOM, \n\nIt was acceptable and nothing was wrong with it. My coffee was pot-coffee and it was also acceptable. \n\nSERVICE\n\nOur server was very sweet and we never lacked for a good smile or topping of my endless coffee pot.\n\nLOCATION\n\nInterspace highway where the Earth used to be. Really, it is a fully detached box next to a Staples and a Canadian Tire. In the middle of nowhere, just past the 401. Parking is plentiful, at least.\n\nOVERALL\n\nCome here for a perfectly respectable breakfast for the going-rate price. Health nerds, cry into your non-soy coffees, this menu isn't going to help you. Enjoy!
I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews for this restaurant.  I have to admit that I live and work in the area, so I tend to stay away from it during prime tourist/jazz festival season since I can enjoy the restaurant at any time of the year.  While I can't comment on their food or service when they're running at full tilt, I would say it's not to be missed in the fall, winter, or even spring.  My experience has always been excellent and although the menu isn't inexpensive, I don't find that it's overly expensive for the quality of food and service that you receive.  Add the fact that it's a non profit and all the proceeds go to funding our amazing Jazz Festival every year, and it's a no brainer choice for a lovely meal in the Quartier des Spectacles.
The delivery took over an hour. Pizza was cold. I'm sure warm it would actually taste ok.
First visit at Pho Noodles and it was great food. It is self seating and the staff are very attentive to your dining experience. Ever since I lived in the Pacific NW, I have always been looking for a great Pho and when I find one, I gotta tell the world.\n\nIf you are looking fo authentic Pho, this is the place. The portions are perfect and the prices are fair. I ordered the Beef, shrimp and cluck pho and enjoyed all the flavors except for the chicken. The chicken was a little chalky but, still going to give it 5 stars. I will be back pho sho!!!
Woohoo! As good as it gets, indeed! Seriously the best Mexican food I've had since moving to Toronto, hands down. At Playa Cabana, you're not going to find greasy cheese-soaked Tex-Mex garbage. This, folks, is the real deal -- and I say that as someone who was raised in Southern California, and spent time living just a short drive from the Baja border.\n\nHusband and I strolled in one evening and were lucky to get a table. We split the ceviche, which was fresh and spicy. The enchiladas I ordered as a main were stuffed with super tender chicken and zingy red and green sauces. Also a huge plus: they have Mexican Coke! (Not the yayo kind, the drinkable kind in glass bottles and not sweetened with real sugar and not high-fructose corn syrup). \n\nI wish I'd saved room for dessert! Playa Cabana has a great boozy menu, a good selection of tequilas, and the people that work there are awesome. The only downside is that the place is super small, so the next time I go I'll try to make reservations. But it's not going to be long 'till I go back. Playa Cabana is seriously delicioso!
I've been craving Pho fo two weeks and decided to try this place since Pho Thanh is closed for a friggin WHOLE month for Chinese New Year!!! Really glad I did, because Pho Noodles really hit the spot.\n\nThe staff seem nice and courteous and for a Wednesday, it was pretty packed at around 6pm. \n\nStarted off with a couple spring rolls which were delicious and not too greasy.\n\nFor my main meal I had the 22. Pho Tai Nam / Rice Noodles with Rare Steak, Well Diced Flank, Tendon, Tripe, Meatballs. Luckily there was some Sriracha and sliced jalapenos included, though I could have used more. The spicier the better.\n\nThe only thing preventing a 5 star review was the 58. Taro - Fresh Boba Slushy. The boba was still hard and it just didn't taste good. I'll stick with SNOW or Bosa for Boba drinks I guess.
The only things that would make Pho Noodles any better is the ability to order an ice cold Tsing Tao to go along with this delicious Pho. Tucked away in a crappy little strip center on the northeast corner of 7th Ave and Osborn, this spot has become THE vietnamese spot for all central Phoenix residents. With the underwhelming return of Rice Paper, which is not only 10x more expensive than Pho Noodles, but 10x worse (see my review) Pho Noodles uses the perfect sized noodles in their Pho, they have amazing fresh spring rolls, and is 100% legit. Not a word of english is spoken in this restaurant, which i love, it is always busy, and the prices are great. We ordered takeout the other night, 3 chicken pho, 4 spring rolls, 1 fried roll was about $35.....At rice paper it is $14 for 1 average bowl of pho....I highly recommend this spot.
Amazing donuts!!!! Coconut with Vanilla Icing was great...Oreo with Vanilla Icing was a close second. We will be back soon...very, very soon.
As a Vietnamese born, I highly recommend this place, they cook it the Viet way so pretty accurate for the taste as well as the way of serving compare to other not-Vietnamese-chef restaurant but running Pho business.\n\nNothing much to say, here they warm up my 'homesick' issue and feels like home again \n\nStop hesitating, start ordering a Large Rare Beef Pho, put away your fone and dig in..
Stopped in with the kiddos today for lunch.\n\nThe server/bartender had about a 1/2 dozen tables and serviced us all well. Multiple refills and check ins.\n\nThe food did take a while, but not too long for a real burger and there was one guy in the kitchen doing everything. I could see straight into the kitchen and saw the guy wash his hands. I appreciate his proper hygiene.\n\nThe food was very good and a good value at lunch menu prices.\nOne kid got the battered chicken fingers, she got a nice pile. The other kid plate came with 2 nice sized sliders and fries.\n\nI am not a fan of truffle oil on fries and they get heavy handed with the truffle oil. Nobody else seemed to mind, just my personal taste. The sweet potato fries were good.
From the reviews, I was expecting more from this restaurant. The prices were a little too high for what we got. The guacamole had no flavour. It was just mashed Avocados and it tasted like no seasoning or garlic was added. Our pitcher of Margaritas was filled with ice, hardly any alcohol and my chicken inside my enchilada was nothing special, just tasted like the rest.  The place is super small and the wait staff kept bumping into us. The customer service, however, was excellent. The food, not so much. I guess I'm going to have to continue my quest to find great Mexican food that everyone rants and raves about. I'm starting to think maybe this is as good as it gets.
good food, good drinks, fair price. nice cozy patio
A rose by any other name would doubtfully smell as sweet. D'Lish is probably my new favorite lunch time place. The salads and wraps are to die for. My favorite salad is the Greek Goddess, chock-full of gyro meat, feta, and sweet cherry tomatoes on a bed of dark leafy greens. Ya know, the kind your doc tells you to eat.  \n\nUnlike some other Yelpers I have yet to have a bad experience and my lunch companions usually concur that the experience is agreeable. We order, we pay, we sit, we get what we order, we eat the delicious things we order, and then we leave. Derp 0_o IMO if you're unhappy, you're probably doing it wrong. :)
I decided to try Yuzu for the first time today based on some of the nice reviews I saw on yelp. Maybe if I ordered something else things might have been different. The Korean beef rice bowl i ordered was not something i would feed to any human being. It was like the chef poured an entire jar of salt in the food.
it's good food,nice worker,the reasons of the 3 stars and not 4 or 5 are :\nexpensive comparing to the size of the meal,you must eat 2 or 3 to fill you up, we were 3 and we paid about 24$ and we were not even 75% full,the tables are not organized,I saw ppl playing cards and the place is sooo small for that !!
Extremely disappointed and to give some background I was born and raised in Vancouver so I know my dim sum. It just seems there is no proper benchmark for dim sum in Toronto's Chinatown.\n\nThis place came onto my radar with recent blog and Yelp posts and I was excited to hear that there may be once again a decent dim sum place in Chinatown. The moment we walked in and sat down it was just disappointing, the table clothes at our table were stained, the tea cups and plates were sticky, and the same carts of dim sum made its' rounds for almost the entire time we were there. Not much in terms variety and the quality of dim sum really lacks. For example, we ordered the big dumpling that comes in a soup. Usually it has some shrimp, fake shark fin, and some meat in this giant dumpling within a really tasty broth. But all that was in there was a dumpling skin holding a couple of measly shrimps and not much else and it was in this really yellowy broth that didn't look natural. The usual dim sum dishes like har gow and shu mai were ok but nothing spectacular. I will not be back and not sure what the rage was with all the other posts I've seen on this restaurant.
Ordered the congee with fish balls, beef fried rice, chow mein and a chicken ramen.  First thing we noticed is that the chow mein was the smallest we've ever seen. Quantity wise it wasn't good. The best dish was probably the beef fried rice but quite honestly, Congee Queen or Congee Wong is much better.\n\nThe service wasn't there as we had to get our own cutlery from the front.  The bill came up to about $37.  Food wasn't that good either.  The only good thing is that it's not as crowded as Congee Wing and Congee Queen.\n\nWe were still hungry.\n\nThe existing reviews for this place is accurate.\n\n1.5 stars out of 5\n\n\nI think
Very nice and cozy coffee shop in Houston. Coffee was good. Also gourmet coffee available as well. Super friendly service. Breakfast and lunch menus. Thumbs up. If you're in the area definitely check it out.
When Gameworks first opened I was really disappointed but I have been going more recently and enjoy everything it has become. The food is good and there is a good happy hour during the week. I would like to give a shoutout to Michael for helping me with a problem with my card and recommending some food for my dinner. He helped during a stressful misplacement of my game card which had all my tickets.
Fresh, hot, custom donuts - pick your toppings and wait for your number.  Delicious!   I chose blueberry glaze and lemon drizzle.
In my time I've never seen such a unorganized place. Games are always broken down, card readers have a serious issue of not reading or taking others credits. It's sad when a business like this isn't taking care of their own product. Food is great, the Servers are not. There are a select few servers that have their heads together and ones I do enjoy having around, some even go as far to make the guest feel like they are worth being there which I do Enjoy. Young Lady Sahara she is an outstanding server, Another Alonzo? If i remember right, went as far to make my child birthday a day to remember. None the less the place seems like a cesspool of drama. Bad when you hear the employees talking bad about one another calling each other vulgar names behind their back. that's just sickening and very unprofessional, even worse when the managers don't respond to any calls going out or giving you some BS excuse, Doesn't help looks like a few of them are under the influence of something. These are things that make me wonder why is this place still running or why haven't they got a change of people. You walk in the place, you can feel that there is something going on, Don't get me started on that Dark Ride game, That was just a huge mistake.\n\nWill I be returning here, high chance I will not. Should others be cautious on what's going on there? Yes! Do understand this place is suppose to be family friendly, That place is by far not as "Family Friendly" as it seems. Please be aware when you walk into this place, if you have kids and wish to eat, please sit away from the booths. Filthy Mouths and Filthy Minds shouldn't be serving your family food.
Maple bacon is definitely number one! The peanut butter is good too. If you want to make your staff happy, take a dozen to go and they will love you forever. Keep supporting local.
Food was amazing as usual. For a create your own burger with lettuce, tomatoes and mushrooms. Their French fries are the best! Smash-tastic
Garlic tuna roll and Vegas roll were amazing ! Place was clean. Wish there was outdoor seating.
My favorite Pizza Place in the squirrel hill.\n\nAlthough I have to say I like their Subs even more than the pizza, (those things are just fresh and perfect.)\n\nAlso you can get a 6 pack / some good soda! This place is a win win that locals truly appreciate, many of us have been going for years and years. Never had a bad experience.
They served us stale rice.  Average main dishes, not as flavorful.  Not enough meat in the lamb dishes.  Overpriced.
I love this slice of paradise in the middle of the desert. It serves great, fresh food, along with a few beer choices. We ordered the Monte Cristo, Portallo mushroom panini with a side of broccoli cheddar soup, and the BBQ chicken salad. The spin on the Monte Cristo resembled a breakfast French toast with ham. Very good. The panini has a nice helping of provolone for the cheese lovers! That, with the mushroom and grilled zucchini and bell peppers... nom, nom, so good! Also, has outside seating overlooking the springs and a strip view.
What you would expect from a mexican restaurant in this coty - good guac and fresh fish tacos. The ambiance is really cute and cozy, the staff was also very welcoming and kind. \nIts small -they keep it packed.
A traditional HK cafe-style restaurant.  The atmosphere of the restaurant itself is quite relaxing.  Lots of open space and comfortable seating.  My family and I went at around 7 PM and there were plenty of tables open, so we were seated fairly quickly.  The menu offers a variety of choices, from individual items to set meals for larger groups.  They also have lunch and dinner specials for a good price.  I was excited to see an all-day breakfast section (because come on, it's never the wrong time for sausage and eggs), but that quickly changed when I realized that there were only two items in that section.  What a tease.  \n\nWe opted to order a bunch of dishes to share, so we got a beef curry with spaghetti (that interestingly came with a side of croutons, cheese, raisins and sunflower seeds), soft-shell crab fried rice and two noodle dishes.  I was most excited for the fried rice, but it ended up being pretty bland and overall disappointing.  The curry was tasty, but I didn't have too much as my spice tolerance is basically non-existent.  The other noodle dishes were good, but nothing amazing.  We ended off the meal with a dessert of green bean soup, which was quite tasty.\n\nThe service itself wasn't the greatest.  The restaurant wasn't packed by any means, but the waitresses didn't seem very attentive to our needs.  We had to wait a while for anyone to come and clear some of the finished plates off our of table.  Same goes for refilling our tea.  \n\nOverall, nothing too special.
Great burgers, nice crowd. Friendly. A good solid stop on the North side. When you enter, people are welcoming. Polite service.
Very clean and updated.  Bed was comfortable.  The pictures in the room were awkward (just 4 random pictures in a square in the room) but maybe that's a new style thing.  Nice sized pool\nElevators were slow..so i took the stairs all the time.  Not sure if that's a con for my health though.  Chair in the room was ungodly uncomfortable but you are in a hotel....if your destination is this hotel...you might want to rethink your hobby list.\nMajor complaint....for the price....no free breakfast.   Not even a bagel or a croissant or Fruit Loops.  Free coffee in the room though.
We felt the buffet was pretty good for buffet standard.  Husband even liked it .  They were always bringing hot foods.
100% grease burger totally disgusting \nI needed the restroom immediately afterwards \nStick with old reliable Burger King or subway
Hands down the most underrated place on campus. Everything they offer is at least good, while their gyros are nothing short of amazing (for Chambana, at least). The jazz shows are a nice touch, the prices are very reasonable, and the staff is always friendly. One of my favorite places to spend a break, whether it's between classes or during work.\n\nIt doesn't offer enough food on the level of their gyros to warrant a five-star rating, but it deserves a strong four.
pretty damn good especially for students on a budget, when I say Cheap I mean cheap, with each taco priced at a $, it would take you around $5 to feel full but it's still cheap that's the great thing. The tacos aren't exceptional but for the price it does great justice.
FTR, huh?  well I can't say I am surprised.  As hotels go, this place is really nothing special.  I stay here when I am in town on business solely to rack up the points.  The rooms are average, the bar is average.  the restaurant looks too out-dated to even consider.  and the closest attraction to the place is the Outback and Home Depot, both across the parking lot/street.\n\nyeah, pretty whatev, if you ask me.\n\nSo I write this review only because I have seen so many hotels freak out when something goes awry - and this place didn't.\n\nphilly got a nutty storm Tuesday night, knocking down trees, power lines, and ultimately killing the power to this hotel (but stangely, thankfully not to the Outback).  And by losing power, I mean - gone, nothing but flood lights, and from 9pm until roughly 10 the next morning.\n\nBut when other hotels would have freaked - these guys were calm, collected, and took care of their guests.  They opened the bar for free.  They gave out tons of water.  And for your romantic evening alone in your dark room - a glow stick right out of a Rave.  Next morning, they brought in breakfast for everyone as well.\n\nOK, it sucked not having an iron, or an alarm clock, or a TV - but I survived - and no one seemed to get upset.  And really, they could have just thrown up their arms and said 'sorry, not our fault' - but they didn't - and for that they get 3.5 stars.\n\nAnd they get another half a star for the old guy sitting at the bar, in the dark who tried to pick up my friend by telling her that Tuesday nights tend to have swingers frequent the hotel bar with their 'bosoms all hanging out' then asking if she came there often.\n\nclassic
I'm giving 3 stars because my husband loves this place but I would give it 2. Reason is, I went on half price whiskey night and they charged me full price. When I mentioned it to the bartender that I was overcharged, her response was "that sucks" and that was it.... so yeah, I'm holding a grudge. But their bowls are alright.
Service was terrible, food was lousy I'm Cuban so I know what Cuban food is suppose to taste like. I ordered the Pizza and the Cream of Cheese next thing I know they came back to my table and told me we don't have any cheese. Well no Pizza or Cheese Soup for me got stuck eating a steak sandwich, well it was not that good.
I have been to many Chinese restaurants in my life and this was by far the worst. I do not even care about the high price for lunch ($9). What I do care about is the fact that everything I ate (no seafood) was horrible. It all tasted funny and had a strange after taste. I was not alone, so it was not just me.
This place is amazing. They have really good authentic Italian food. I've always went to a different Italian place that is a little farther but they have went downhill so I decided to give it a try one night with my family. Everything was delicious and everyone loved what they ordered. \nThey have complimentary garlic knots which are so good! The service is really nice and everyone is super friendly. \nI ordered the chicken Marsala and I was not disappointed. It tasted authentic and amazing; there isn't anything bad I can say! We also tried chicken Alfredo, seafood risotto, and a pizza.\nThey have a lot of pastry's and desserts that I didn't get to try but they looked very good.\nDefinitely give this place a try and see what you think!
They were legitimately too dumb to properly help us out with even getting seated. \nWhat's the deal with the service here? It's some of the worst we have ever experienced.
The Chicken Tikka Masala was okay but there was barely any chicken in it. I'll give them another shot because the samosas were delicious.
Loved everything about Playa- great service, ambiance, tasty and unique foods, and reasonable cocktails. The original margs are delicious and only $6. In Toronto, thats almost a steal! Their homemade chips are amazing- and again reasonable priced for $4. I shared the short rib tacos- with a fabulous crunchy outer shell and the burrito with two sauces. Most Mexican places is toronto do nothing unique or different to their menu, but PC added flair to everything. We ended our meal by sharing the dulce de leche cake- amazing. Dont leave without trying it!
Had a business lunch here this week and it's ben a couple of years since eating here!  We ordered the antipasti as an appetizer and I ordered the Tuscan Burger with house salad.  The salad was a little drenched in a pool of oil with some balsamic.  The Antipasti was good.  Tuscan burger was amazing. I thought the service was a little to be desired.  Reason being is that we had to ask for drink refills.  Also when I was looking to leave I had to take the bill up as our server was busy chatting it up with another table.  Maybe I'm just being picky but we were in a rush to leave!  For the price I expect a bit better service!
Hard to find a worthy rival for Mexican food in the city.  \n\nThe outdoor patio is relaxed and tucked away in a quiet neighborhood.   The service is attentive but it is, as often sited, difficult to get reservations.
So you and your friend have a hankering for Mexican food  while downtown....I wanted to see if this place was about the food or about the flash. Located at 111 Davenport Rd, ( note: they have a second location in the junction) it is a little hidden from the main strip of the Avenue Rd / Yorkville restaurants. It felt to me more of a locals hangout as the customers and staff seemed familiar with each other. \nThe restaurant is small and cozy with a very nice patio. Decor was nice and tasteful unlike some other Mexican places that want to scream at you that they are Mexican (Also, I'm glad they didn't do that whole "day of the dead" theme that a lot of places are doing these days) anyway, now to the food. \nThey have a good menu that highlights the usual fare. Tacos, enchiladas, as well as main plates. The liquor menu is what you would expect in a Mexican restaurant with lots of tequila choices and Mexican beer. ( $20 for a 5 bucket of beer) I started with a Dave's margarita on he rocks( they don't serve the slushy kind) and the usual guacamole dip and the daily ceviche both served in a stone bowl and made fresh. Both were excellent and well made. I opted for the Carne Asada platter with beans and rice and tortillas. The presentation was nice and the portions were good. Now I have had this dish at other places before (in Mexico) and I prefer my meat cooked and served without sauce on it. The flank steak was good but it was cover in the sweet sauce that overpowered the flavour of the meat. The sauce was good and maybe it should be used as a side but not smothering the meat. Everything else was cooked perfectly and very tasteful.  Overall this place is good and well deserving of a try. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the sauce over the meat thing ....mmmm meat....
Delicious fresh food , warm friendly service and a great experience all round. $20 tip included gets you a beer and generous bento box , can't complain about that!
One of the better dim joints in Chinatown. It's located on the third floor of the building. Pretty large place that accommodates quite a lot of tables so there's not a huge wait time. Pretty much got seated after a 15 minute wait for a table of 7 on a Sunday.\n\nIt's also fairly clean though I'd still wipe my plating and utensils before eating. Service is ok - what you usually get at these Chinese places lol.\n\nOnto the food, pretty decent for the price you're paying! I mean for me, it's a much better option for my wallet than going to Rol San. No food that really stocks out as amazing though. It's also your traditional method of wheeling carts around for your food and compared to other places that still do this, these dim sum ladies actually come around quite often! So not to worry if you miss a cart, she'll come back in 10 mins again. \n\nSo if you're looking for some traditional dim sum in the heart of Chinatown, this would be one of your better options!
One of my coworkers suggested a girls' lunch here in May.  This place is located just inside the Phoenix Art Museum (which I didn't know had a cafe).  You don't have to pay admission - just tell one of the museum employees that you're just visiting the cafe and they'll give you a special colored sticker.\n\nThe cafe is cute and open with lots of windows.  I ordered the the quinoa salad and the grilled cheese and they were wonderful.  The quinoa salad is cold which I didn't expect but it paired well with the grilled cheese.  Expect to pay $20 for lunch because the ingredients are local and natural.    The food was excellent but I will probably only come here once in a while due to the price.
What a gem! There is nothing else like it in the city. Easily my new favourite place.\n\nATMOSPHERE - Outstanding atmosphere! So cozy and colourful, the Morrocan-themed and earthy-inspired decor is so well selected, with great attention to detail. There are a variety of seating options - from seated platforms, to the standard table & chairs, to armchairs and couches. \n\nTEA - They have more than 50 teas of all kinds of varieties - including specialty blends with hand-blended herbs and seasonings - which come by the pot at reasonable prices (which vary depending on the tea). Give yourself some time with the tea menu! It will tempt you in all different directions.\n\nFOOD - Plenty of options to nosh on. Daily main, usually a curry, and a daily soup. Nice selection of both savoury and sweet snacks. All at decent prices. I had the best chocolate cake I've ever had! Check out the much-loved Bampot original: poutine soup!\n\nGAMES - Good selection of board games! Nicely organized and categorized in the board game library. \n\n* Bonuses * \n- HOOKAHS - Tobacco-free shisha in many flavours! \n- ACCESSIBILITY - Barrier-free entrance (ramp to doorway) and barrier-free washroom on main floor.\n- Such a great place to bring DATES!
I really liked this place! So festive with their Christmas decor.\n\nI went here for dinner on a Friday with a sorority sister because she had recommended it. It has a great location in morth Phoenix and hosts a beautiful fire pit fitted outisde patio, but was a little chilly for outside dining that night. We opted for a table in the middle of the place, my only complant was that I got the chair and my sister got the booth. In the chair, I felt like I was a foot above her and it was a little uncomfortable to sit that way.\n\nNone the less, the service was fantastic. We each ordered drinks and were hand delivered by a nice bartender. We could see the hustle and bustle of the kitchen from our seats and with an open air kitchen like that it really fills the room with the right amount of noise. We got an app, friend zucnini with ranch dipping sauce. They were alright. I wish they had a bigger crunch when you bite in but they also cut really nicely for nibbling perfection. \n\nI got the The Buffalo Chicken while my sister orded the Grilled Chicken. Mine came with the most melty, amazing, mouth watering white cheese. That was my favorite part. The bread was great and the chicken too. Not enough buffalo sauce but the blue cheese dipping sauce was on point.\n\nThe place is owned by the funny Italian guy and he was just hanging around the place. He speaks poor english but is super friendly and will always ask you how your meal was. I'd go back.
After 18 months of searching, I've finally found a dim sum restaurant in the Chinatown/Spadina area that I am entirely happy with.  And that is Dim Sum King.\n\nAccess to the restaurant is not the most convenient.  It is on Dundas Street, a bit farther from Spadina, and even in the area it is a little hidden, on the third floor of a building.  It's worth looking it up, though.  Simply put, it has the best overall dim sum quality in the area.\n\nFirst of all, this restaurant has the square footage to use the traditional dim sum carts, rather than written menus.  While the waiters are just as busy as in other places in the area, they seem to have been better trained or chosen -- they are more helpful and courteous than in most restaurants of this ilk.  Seating is plentiful, and this restaurant, to me, also doesn't have as much attitude about a single diner coming in.\n\nThe food is the main reason I keep coming back.  Dim Sum King has the best beef tendon (牛筋) in Chinatown, spicy but not overwhelmingly so, with a large enough portion, and a secret ingredient -- the small cubes of taro (芋頭) at the bottom of the dish.  They enhance the flavour of the tendon.  Shrimp dumplings (蝦餃) are firm and flavourful.  The shrimp rice-noodle wraps (蝦腸粉) are a little on the small side, but tasty enough.  The fried shrimp dumplings (蝦角) are massive and the shrimp inside are still juicy rather than dried up.  They have both egg tarts (蛋撻) and milk (奶撻) tarts -- I haven't tried the former, but the milk tarts are absolutely delightful.  The bean-curd wraps (鮮竹捲) are quite good.  Squid tentacles (魷魚鬚) are tangy and spicy, with the only down side being that they're not always completely hot.  They also serve freshly made pan-fried dumplings (窩貼) and the rare milk pudding (雙皮奶).  The variety of the dim sum here is impressive.\n\nThe pork dumplings (燒賣) are one of the weak spots.  No place in the Spadina area seems to get it right, and Dim Sum King does not distinguish itself here.  The dumpings are too hard and dense.  Palatable, but not worthy of praise.\n\nThere is only one down side to Dim Sum King, and that is that many of its dishes are put under the "Large" or "Special" category (some of them, in my opinion, shouldn't be), which means if you like ordering those dishes, your expenditure will be a little higher than in some other places in the area.  The quality and overall dining experience, however, are still worth it.
A very filling, tasty meal. Chili naan... Awesome. Karahi Paneer, chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala. Kheer, Gulab Jamun, mango ice cream for dessert. Bottle of Pinot noir. I would do the exact same again. I will recommend to all friends...
om nom nom. ok disclaimer not everything is equally good\n\nbut i'm just going to highlight stuff that struck out to me the most\n\ngreat ambience, a little loud, open late, great service. TOO DIE FOR BRAISED BEEF TACOS (they look and taste very mexican), above average fish tacos.\n\nthey have mexican cola which is great, decent desserts, super fresh and super cheap salsa and chips(3$ woot)
Amazing food! One of the best ramen spots I've ever been! I will definitely become a regular and drive the 30 minutes to get here!
You can't go wrong at the springs preserve. There is acres and acres for you to explore! Today we went to eat at the divine cafe, which is a cute little spot that sits above the preserve so you can see over it, if it's nice outside definitely sit outside. \nThey have the farmers market on Thursdays but there wasn't too many booths this time, there was organic honey, vegetables and a plant with no soil basically like a patio plant very unique. \nThis place is all about the kids! They have a state museum, a play ground, a train so you can see all the acres, and tons more that get switched out so your always seeing something new. \nThis place is perfect if you love nature and walking! You definitely can't see it all in one day, I am a donor member and I still see new stuff every time I go!!
great place for weekly jazz music, amazing gyro sauce and falafel and hummus and fries and imported beer. when i ate meat the gyros were very good too! service is always friendly and the ambience is nice: i dig the high ceilings with its detailed patterns. i miss this place wish there was one in chicago.
My husband and I really wanted to like this place. We were previously pretty dedicated to Montesano's as our regular pizza place and, like apparently a lot of people, desperate to find a suitable replacement -- that it would be located in the exact same space would just be a convenient bonus. \n\nUnfortunately, the search continues. :-/\n\nWe did a large half cheese/half pepperoni, it was just over $16 (there's a $1 charge for take out, apparently, which is...fine ¯\_(ツ)_/¯) and it was incredibly mediocre. I think the photo kind of speaks for itself, but it was basically the taste/look of a pizza they'd serve in a high school cafeteria. It definitely is pizza, but it's not really what you wanted. \n\n(It's about the same level of fulfillment as Blaze, just down the street, in my opinion. Definitely not the  new regular spot I was so ardently hoping for.)\n\nThe guy that answered the phone was super nice and the staff inside was nice, and it's possible that their actual entrees are where they excel and the pizza is just an afterthought, but for our experience, and what we were looking for them to do, it comes up pretty short.
Miserable. Where to start? Summary: expensive bad food with no eye toward customer service or food safety.\n \n1) They don't open until an hour *after* the museum. So grabbing a caffeine boost or snack before walking is not possible.\n\n2) They opened the museum interior doors more than 10 minutes late. Whereupon we discovered the doors to the sculpture garden had been open since *before* 11 - additionally the hostess was quite inconvenienced to have to notice there were people waiting at the entrance to be seated.\n\n3) The menu selection is limited and expensive. Partially excused because it's in a museum, must gouge the public.\n\n4) The expensive food is bad. Just bad. I paid $14 for some Gorton's fish sticks and Ore-Ida frozen fries (albeit liberally sprinkled with seasoned salt and a little Parmesan cheese).\n\n5) The kitchen ignores allergy notifications. My dining partner has an allergy to black pepper and informed our server who assured us her salmon would not have any. The salmon did not have any, but every other piece of food on the plate was liberally doused in pepper. I had to wonder if it was done in spite.
Just had the Skillet beef, sausage and mushrooms appetizer. Excellent choice! The sauce on it has a little spice but not too much and is very good with the bread dipped in it. The portion is just right to share with one other.
Easy location. I only wish they were open and delivered at lunch time. The food is very good. I had the 5 cheese sandwich, a cheese lovers dream, and the housemade onion rings. I had ordered a diet coke which was flat. They could not fix it, so I just drank water. The wait staff was friendly, but kind of slow. I thought it was very, very pricey for what you get. The food was very good. I guess it comes down to what are you tradeoffs for good food?
Been here a few times before. Never been bad...but, not that great either. \nToday, however, was a whole new level of terrible.\n\nAfter a few hours of work, I stopped on my way home to grab a late lunch and catch some of the game. The place didn't seem too busy. Plenty of seats on the floor and maybe 6 people at the bar.\n\nAs I walked in, 2 hostesses were waiting by the door having a conversation amongst themselves and 1-2 other staff members. \n\nAfter a few minutes of standing there...neither addressed me. I shrugged it off and sat myself at one of the 4 sides of the bar in front of one of tv's that had the game I wanted to watch. I had an entire side of the bar to myself. \n\nA few minutes later, a bartender took my order: a cup of coffee and a breakfast plate with eggs over easy, hash-browns, bacon, and a waffle. Shortly after, when I looked up, I noticed that the channel had been changed to a different game. I waited for her to return to ask if it could be changed back. In the mean time, a cup of coffee was placed in front of me by another person who quickly walked away before I could ask for anything. The tv remained untouched...\n\nI sat and drank the coffee and squinted at another tv across the bar to try to catch some of the game...Finished the coffee and waited a few more minutes before yet another person stopped to ask if I needed anything...I replied "yes" and asked about the TV and if I could get another cup of coffee. Her reply was simply, "sure". She then quickly turned around and walked away. \n\n25 minutes later (now well over 45 minutes since I sat down) the person I placed the order with arrives to tell me that my order was mixed up and would be out shortly. She apologized and said that the meal would be no charge. I thanked her and asked for a refill on the coffee...\n\nA few minutes more and another cup of coffee finally shows up. \n\nAnother 15-20 minutes will go by before the "chef" personally delivers my order. \n\nThe "chef" apologized, said that they were very busy and that there was a mix up and that it meal would be "on him." He placed the plate of food on the bar in front of me and quickly turned away to converse with some of what I assumed were his personal friends that had just sat a few seats down from where I was...they asked him if the game that they wanted to watch could be switched to the same tv I attempted to watch earlier. He said, "of course!" And, magically, the channel changed almost immediately to the game that his friends asked about.\n\nMeanwhile, as I stare at my plate, I began to ponder over what exactly in the fuck I was looking at. I recalled that nearly an hour earlier, I had ordered a breakfast plate with eggs over easy, hash-browns, bacon, and a waffle. However, what I was looking at seemed to be brownish/black eggs over burnt to a crisp over french fries,(not hash browns), cold to the touch bacon, and waffles (the waffles looked fine)...no syrup...actually, no one asked if I wanted any condiments at all...nor any ice water...or anything else.\n\nI pushed the plate away and again waited a few minutes for anyone to approach so that I may address the issue(s).\n\nAfter a few minutes more, I placed a single dollar down on the bar, stepped down, put on my coat and left...completely unnoticed.\n\nI will conclude with my final review:\n\nIT IS CLEAR THAT THIS PLACE IS A GIANT STEAMING PILE OF BULLSHIT.\n\nThank you to the hostesses for not breaking away from your group discussion to seat me.\n\nThank you to the bartender(s) for taking my order In whatever timely manner accommodates your personal needs. \nReally, the coffee was fantastic...especially, when it's 30-40 minutes between top-off. \nAlso, things like water and condiments would have been nice. But, I totally understand, you probably were just too busy...\n\nAnd, thank you "chef" for personally delivering this visible plate of shit to my seat at the bar....for explaining away all the my time that you wasted by being too busy and too confused...And offering to personally pick up the tab...then immediately turning your back to take time out of your busy, confusing work day to converse to no end with your personal friends a few seats down.\n\nI never walk into a restaurant  expecting anything for free.\n\nWhat I expect is a shortlist of very basic criteria:\n\nReasonably polite and swift service.\nAnd, that the food to arrive in a timely manner, well prepared, and as closely made to the way I might have ordered it. \n\nToday, none of this very basic criteria were even closely met.\n\nYour pitiful explanations and pitiful offer to pick up the bill is NOT what I expected nor does it make up for your absolute incompetence In nearly every way (I mean the waffle didn't look too fucked up).\n\nI wish you the best of luck and that we may never cross paths again.\n\nSincerely,\nOne less person for you to push your terrible service and terribly prepared food upon.\n\nUpdate: still shitty
We went for dinner with friend's on NYE. The food was good, except for the my husband's order was wrong. The service from beginning to end was horrible. \n\nWe had to reach out to our server to get our drinks. We never got bread when every table around us did. When the meal came I realized I was not getting my soup :(\n\nThe food was good but it was not very hot. We then ordered coffee and that was not hot. We did receive a comped desert of cookies and mini cannoli's. The table agreed that was the best part of this experience.\n\n When my husband received the check the server told us that she said she was sorry once already. She then took $9.00 off the check. \n\nAll my husband's customers had good things to say. We had high hopes. We were good customer's of Montesanto's. I hope they get their act together.\n\nI grew up in the restaurant business in South Florida and they need to make some changes.
This is hands down the best Mexican in Toronto with the coolest ambience. Amazing place for a date or just to kick back with friends. The service is always friendly and fast, and you can check out all the cool old Mexican decorating and paraphernalia while you wait. If you're not there-- right now-- having their fish tacos and a mojito, then where the heck are you?!
Not a fan.\n\n1. For the price I would expect much better. Food is bland, greasy and salty. After my meal I actually felt like I had eaten at McDonald's (not a good sign)\n2. All the servers are skinny women wearing black tank tops and inappropriately short black skirts. wtf? Just weird.\n\nBasically I must accept that there are very few good lunch options near my office. This place is not a good option and I won't be going back.
This place is hard to find and I used to forget it even existed! We finally made it there mid-week. The menu is HUGE! So many traditional Indian dishes- our favorites like Chicken Makhani and garlic naan plus many others. Our waiter was very friendly and had some good drink recommendations off the cocktail list (it was happy hour pricing at the time). The alcoholic mango lassi was delectable. There aren't many Indian eateries in Scottsdale, but this is probably the best (out of the other 2 that I know of). Not a fancy place. Dress casual. Or buy an Indian-style blouse in the front of the restaurant!
Sometimes a co-worker who lives near their location will bring  doughnuts to the office and they disappear very quickly.  The doughnut are very good, and just taste better than the big chain doughnut shops.  Good thing I do not live near their location, I would be in there all the time.
Oh man! This just might be my new favorite spot for lunch! \nScrolling through yelp, looking for something new and I saw this place. I was not disappointed. \nFood was prepared in a timely manner.\nOur server was nice and funny.\nAnd the food, well let's just say "D'lish" (get it) \n\nI had the Skinny Parm Wrap.\nIt was light, but very filling. Great flavors, and the sun dried tomatoes just made the wrap!\n\nI'm excited to try something new from there next time I go, and mark my words there will be a next time!
Umm...where have you been my whole life?? These donuts are delicious!! The variety is wonderful, the staff is friendly, and the donuts are HOT! \nParking could be a little difficult and there may be a line, but find a spot and get in line it is worth it!!
everyone was so friendly and the drinks were good food was amazing and it's so comfy they actually have couches you can sit in the BBQ duck pizza was amazing
Trattoria Italia was an absolutely wonderful first time experience. The service and the food were excellent. It's so nice to have an authentic Italian restaurant in the neighborhood with such warm welcoming owners. We will be making this our favorite eating place! Thank you to the owners!
We came here with a Groupon. The vibe was very chill and seems like an ok place to hang out. However the food wasn't good. The fries were the best part. If you stick to Fries and Drinks you will be fine. But the Groupon isn't worth it. Nor is paying full price for the other dishes.
If you like watery Margherita Pizza then this is your place to eat while here ... there was literally no customers in the cafe and only 11 other people besides us on the patio ... table was dirty, waitress delivered our pizza with no plates, napkins or silverware so, we had to ask for it. The guy who gave my husband his beer said nothing at all ... just set it down quickly and left ... wow! Having come from 20yrs+ in Customer service including managing a restaurant business, this place hardly deserves even 1 star. I think an over haul is in order because this place needs some serious help!
Don't bother.  Our spicy tuna roll wasn't fresh\n  Told two servers about it and we still ended up paying for it.  The rest was mediocre at best.  I've had better sushi at other nearby places in the area.
This is the only India restaurant in AZ that doesn't disappoint. We have been there a few times and the Seekh Kababs and Chicken Tikka have always been excellent. The food takes a while to come out, but then it is fresh food. Fresh food takes time. The service is good. Went there with kids once not realizing that they have belly dancing - that was embarrassing. Take out food has been disappointing as well. Now we always dine-in, avoid weekends, and make sure we have plenty of time to wait for enjoy the good food.
I stopped by for a double quarter pounder with cheese,no pickles no onions, after work at 2 p.m. The bun was hard and crusty, the cheese was two different shades and hard at the tips. I was so disappointed when I got home and realized what I had purchased.   \n\n\nA customer no more!!!
This dim sum spot rivals those in New York but with a much shorter wait ! The people who worked here were all very pleasant. We had a variety of dishes : steamed and baked pork buns, Chinese broccoli, pork and shrimp dumplings, vegetable dumplings, beef in rice wrap, and many many more things ! All tasted very good and were hot and fresh ! \n\nI was very satisfied and left very full ! Can't wait to visit again !
$6 for fries is ridiculous. Burger, fries and a diet coke should not cost $20.
Not an awesome chinese but it is the best in Gastonia. Consistent good food and service. Not too expensive like the other gastonia chinese buffett. You cant go wrong
I've been literally ordered by many people to try this place for lunch, so I finally did. Short and sweet, I've made up a new word to describe Firehouse Subs, phenomenaltastic. Best sub I've had in.. well, ever.
Pros -- The food was reasonably good. Their beef taco was well seasoned, butterfly shrimp, and pork shoulder were all decent. We also had the corn as an appetizer and that was good too. The guacamole is the kind you'd make at home.\n\nCons -- The service and cocktails left much to be desired. Let's start with the cocktails. The bartender was sniffing the drinks rather than tasting them while making them. This resulted in a very limey cocktail (the El Rey and the Humo Grande). \n\nThe service was patchy at best. We had to ask for hot sauce with our tacos (they were on some of the other tables) and even when the server brought them over, there was only one. \n\nWill I go again? Probably not.
Came here yesterday night. There were mutiple menus to look at making it difficult to choose something somewhat. However, also a good thing being that there were many different assortment of options to choose from. I ordered the Black pepper chicken with spaghetti for 9.95. The chicken came out perfectly hot and crispy, and quite juicy. The sauce was really peppery, which I like. I like the fact that almosy every dish comes with soup and a drink. Comparably, the prices are fairly good and I find the food alot better than Hollywood. I would definitely comw again to try other things.
Cheap! Pretty good pho. Really busy but two people can eat for 20$ tip and tax in. A bit underwhelming and the decor made me worry a bit about their dinesafe, but overall pretty tasty.
The prices are insane here, and i am not meiserly! Chicken Lo Mein, Chicken w/Garlic sauce, Quart of Wonton Soup and pint of Fried Rice......drumroll................$32.00! Are you bleeping kiddin' me? I had to ask the total 3 times. Unless you are going for a lunch special, you'd be crazy to pay that much when all of that costs $18 across the street! No thanks.
If i could give this person negative stars I would this so called Ana I dont even know why she's team leader or whatever the Hell she is she should be fucken fired for being a rude ignorant person. She is beinging this location to shit and I will make time to report her for being a terrible person. I will take my money else where...hey jacks is right across u just lost a weekly customer!!!
The daytime bartender provides horrible service. I ordered a 9 dollar chicken breast salad that came out to me very small in proportion and had chicken mcnugget style chicken cubed on top. When I addressed the bartender about the chicken she insisted it was fresh chicken breast, and even after she showed me the pressed chicken parts patty, she still insisted it was chicken breast, rolled her eyes and just walked away from me. Needless to say, I did not eat the salad or pay for it. Overpriced, poor food and service.
We were so excited to try this place today! We are from Dallas Texas, where you can throw a rock up in the air and it will probably land on a taco joint. Since we are new to Cleveland, and haven't found much for authentic Mexican cuisine, my husband and I were thrilled to hear about Barrio. Today we tried one of each of the brunch tacos, as well as chips and salsa and guacamole. The chips were fresh, and this place even gave us chip refills without us needing to ask. They are not stingy with the chips! Pretty good salsa as well. The brunch tacos seemed rather experimental. The chicken and waffles taco was kind of gross.. especially with the collard greens. The salmon taco was weird but.. I mean.. what do you expect ordering a salmon taco? I enjoyed my other two brunch tacos of huevos rancheros and huevos con machaca. They could have been warmer and had a little too much sour cream for my taste.. We will definitely return to try the regular tacos! I also loved the atmosphere! Really cool walls and decor overall. \n\nOne suggestion: soft corn tortillas would be much appreciated and make these tacos more authentic.\n\nUpdate: I have eaten at Barrio two more times and tried all sorts of tacos and both times were disappointing because I feel this restaurant has potential to be so much better. Are cold and creamy tacos the hip cool popular thing here in Cleveland? I didn't want to finish mine. I couldn't. For the price, these tacos should be much more fresh, and definitely hot! The last time I visited Barrio, they didn't even get our order right. I'm confused. On a cold rainy weekend night, people pile into Barrio by the bunches and stand around with mediocre margaritas waiting for a seat at the bar or a table. So good for Barrio! The demand is there. I think the issues here is Barrio's ability to deliver quality tacos to such a continuous high capacity and demand. \n\nSo again, Barrio, I may return in a year to see if the tacos have improved because I really want to like this place but I have had really below average tacos here 3 times in a row.
Love the food at atmosphere.  And they keep that line moving.  Fries are something special and if you get the combo you get a small enough portion so satisfy your fryer need.  They don't have beer anymore which has helped university productivity.
Great place to grab a quick bite before a meeting in the halls of the Government Center. The cajun chicken sandwich is out of this world and the make your own Arnold Palmer is always a great addition. Make sure to check it out!
I feel the quality had really gone downhill with the competition of Craft Burger and Gourmet Burger which are superior
It's been a couple of years since I've been to Luke's of Chicago. The main reason being that they always seemed to run out of food in the evening. I happened to be out and about on business before lunch today and decided to check Luke's out today. I haven't been to the new location before today.\n\nI ordered the Italian Beef sammich dipped and with sweet peppers along with a large soda for $10.57. They don't have Coke or Pepsi, its RC cola here. When I opened up the butcher's paper that was encasing my beef, there was steam rising up. My beef was hot and ready for the taking. I basically inhaled the beef sandwich because it was so damn tasty. Excuse me while I lick my chops again. Probably the best beef sandwich I have had in many years.\n\nA couple of negatives in my opinion would be the Sox sign over by the booth by the soda machine and the price of the meal. $10.57 for a lunch at a fast food joint is up there in the stratosphere. I'm guessing the rent is pretty high in this area which jacks up the price for lunch. \n\nI'm definitely a fan and will be back!
This location has always been a bit seedy. I guess they have problems with the homeless trashing their bathrooms because they make you ask to use tge bathroom & then buzz you in which is extremely inconvenient when you have toddlers who can open the door from the inside. \n\nThe service was friendly enough, but the guy didnt have change, and though i ordered (and paid for) extra ranch, it didnt come with my meal. \n\nThe kids area has been recently renovated. I cant say its an improvement. They took away the toddler slide area to add more seating. They didnt add that much more seating, and i miss the toddler slide for my kids. \n\nThis location is also homeless central. There are always three or four ppl begging on the corner, and often asking for change when you walk in or out. While I dont mind giving to those less fortunate than myself, i dont like being accosted by an army of them like a zombie apocalypse. \n\nThree stars. Would be less except the play area looks like a big tree house , which thrilled my kids.
Came in on a Sunday around 11am. It was really busy the line moved very quickly. We had never been and the ordering system wear very easy.\nWe got 3 donuts:\n1. Chocolate icing, bacon, and salted Carmel drizzle = AMAZING. I didn't share it. This donut was SO good. \n\n2. Cinnamon sugar donut= I didn't try it but my husband loved it\n\n3. Peanut butter icing, chocolate sprinkles = this one was wayyyy too sweet. I LOVE super sweet things, and the peanut butter icing was way too much for me. I couldn't eat it. As you can tell by my 1st donut, sugar overload is rarely a problem. But this one was just overboard. And I love peanut butter. \n\nOverall we had a great experience and enjoyed some really delicious custom donuts!
This is the BEST Italian restaurant I have ever been to . The food is authentic and the service is fantastic.
Wow... I'm really surprised at all the mediocre reviews here. Maybe the experience is different with large parties or when they first opened up? I've been here several times now and have been satisfied every time. The food looks good and the waitresses look even better!\n\nThe best part is that the food is really good here too! I've tried almost all of their apps and have not been disappointed. Try out their arugala pizza!
Was there recently. Had an issue with my old card. Chad fixed us right up!!! We had a great time. Thanks for the help Chad!!!  If you have or are a gamer, must check it out. So happy they re-opened in Vegas. Great location at town square!!! GO HAVE A BLAST !!!!!!!
This is a really nice restaurant with good ambiance and a lovely patio, but the food and service merit a few bits of critique.\n\n- Papadums & chutneys: you have to order and pay for these here, which is bizarre because they are typically served complimentary. They're basically the "chips and salsa" of Indian restaurants, so it always kills me when I actually have to pay for them. The Papadums are lovely here, but the chutneys are lacking. The typical mango and yogurt chutneys are not served here, which I find odd. The tamarind (which you have to request) is like coloured water, instead of thick in substance and rich in flavour. The achaar is definitely unique, in that's it's lemon-based instead of lime, but I personally prefer the lime. \n\n- Curry: I ordered the chicken tikka masala, chef-hot. It was surprisingly spicy tonight! The last time I came here and ordered the same spice level, it was insipid and terribly mild. I guess it's hit-or-miss, eh? \n\nAlso, the chicken did not look or taste like chicken tikka, which is traditionally prepared with small pieces of boneless chicken baked on skewers in a clay oven (tandoor). It didn't have the charcoal-look or taste, which was disappointing. I also had bits of gristle and bone, which should be nonexistent in chicken tikka! \n\nFYI: None of the curries come with rice. Another oddity. You must order it separately.\n\n- Garlic naan: brilliant. But you can't really screw that one up. \n\n- Service: friendly staff, but slow service. Make sure you have plenty of time when you dine here. Everything seems to take ages, even when they're not busy. It's severely annoying when your stomach is full of curry and rice and all you want is your check and they take 20 minutes getting it to you. Especially when they're not even busy. \n\nAll in all, this place sufficed my Indian craving, but it's definitely not the best or most authentic in any aspect.
This was our first time back since the new owners and i'm very happy we came. The food was very good everything tasted so fresh. The sauces where all very creamy and flavorful. We will definitely be back to try more.
GameWorks was an awesome experience for my family and I. We started with delicious,well made Sweet Thai Chicken Sandwiches and the crispy, chicken Tenders as well. The meal took a little while to be served but the service was great. While waiting we realized that the television was uncomfortable to watch at times because the contrast was WAY too high.\n\nAfter our meal we bought game cards. First, we had to buy a new card that was $2 and then the actual credits range from ($5-$50) and then if you want to supersize the amount of credits you get, that's an extra $2 dollars as well. The prices of the credits weren't too bad but to actually enjoy yourself, you have to spend at least $20 due to how much credits each game takes. Overall GameWorks is SUPER fun and I'll definitely be back.
I'm going to start this review by saying my wife and I were very hungry and had been eating at home more often for health and budget reasons so perhaps we were overly "aware" of our feelings and expectations.   We don't typically complain in person or pen.\n\nWe arrived and walked past a solemn looking women who was selling traditional garb and jewelry just inside the restaurant near the hostess area.  A little awkward.   The young woman who sat us and served us said she couldn't seat us in a booth which we preferred because "we might get a larger group of 6."    The restaurant was about 50 to 60% full.   About 5 minutes later, one of the other servers sat a couple with an infant in a stroller in the very booth we were eyeing.   \n\nThings went downhill from there.   We ordered some Naan, which is listed as an appetizer, along with our entrees.  About 45 minutes later, all of our order arrived, which was about 5 minutes after the booth couples' food arrived.  Our Naan came with no sauces for dipping.  Our server checked on us about 5 to 10 minutes later and we requested the sauces.  She came back to say we're "out of the chutneys, but I have some 'to go' portions."   Ughhh!  \n\nA few more thoughts . . .  The food was pretty good.  This may have been an aberrant, young, inexperienced, novice server.  The restaurant was cold.  There were about two or three screaming kids.  The Indian wares saleswomen uncomfortably asked us to take a look on the way out.  \n\nWe could not see ourselves returning, but I could not, in good conscience, say stay away.
Right from the start I have to admit that this review is skewed positively because I was at the restaurant for a big-ish event that was paid for by someone else. \nWith that being said, I really enjoyed the food I had today. I didn't personally order anything so, unfortunately, I don't know the names of the dishes. We started with some steamed shrimp dumplings that were quite tasty followed by fried tofu. The fried tofu had a nice crunchy exterior and a soft gooey interior. The tofu lacked flavour (as tofu often does) but there were multiple sauces available to make things more exciting. Again... I wish I could name the other dishes we had but most of them I didn't know what was ordered and just enjoyed the fare without asking too many questions. The one dish I want to rave about is the steamed BBQ pork buns. They were so light and fluffy but at the same time the meat packed a rich flavour. I think I ate 4 or 5 and probably would have eaten the whole plate if the others at the table allowed me to. \nI haven't been to many dim sum places but I would certainly return here for a second experience!
Lobster Ravioli w/Vodka sauce. First time here, had appetizer plate with Fried Calamari, fried zucchini and shrimp. Pasta fagioli. Food is very tasty and Took some cannoli home for desert, meal portions are good size. Will be back to try more items on the menu, recommend it for sure.
The food is great and fairly inexpensive. The problem is their staffing, there were clearly very short staffed we had to ask for water 3 times and it came in paper cups because they ran out of actual glasses. It took 45 minutes to get simple breakfasts!
Friendly place with amazing food!  I will definitely go back!! Don't debate on this place, just go.  You won't be disappointed.
First time at Pho Noodles the other day. Good thing we got there early for lunch because by the time noon hit, the tables were full of people. This is a smaller place with a handful of 2-4 person tables. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant was squeaky clean.\n\nWe ordered quickly, food also was delivered quickly, and the portions are huge! On that note, prices are very reasonable but everything was extremely tasty especially the beef!\n\nEnjoyed the Shrimp Spring Roll and #29 Rice Noodles with Chicken, Shrimp and beef.\n\nI'll be back!
Pho gets better the more you eat it but it remains a not very good one, although meat portion sizes are good. Other meals are not fabulous.
I'd guessed correctly that I wouldn't be able to bring a cup of coffee into the museum, so I entered Palette to see what I could find to quell my hunger and thirst.  I hoped to find a quick bite before perusing the newer exhibits at the museum.  However,Palette isn't a place in which to do anything quickly.  Even an app of warmed honey and almond-encrusted brie, with lavosh cracker rounds, a bunch of grapes, and cinnamon apple cubes deserve to be savored with a glass of chilled AZ Stronghold chardonnay! https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=iAQ7lxKIrahysDcIVZ_lEQ&userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA  I chose to sit at a table by the windows, as it was a beautiful day outside.  I imagined it romantic to snack and read in a sunny spot, with plants surrounding me- albeit the plants were outside!  I felt like I was on a picnic, of sorts!  \n\nThe honey and almond-encrusted brie was so addicting!  I couldn't stop slathering it on the crackly lavosh rounds, then topping it with the heavenly cubes of cinnamon apples (also served very warm).  The grapes were such fun to bite into, and their sweetness and tang went hand-in-hand with the cheese and my sips of wine!  I am looking forward to returning soon-- I found about three more savory items on the menu I'd like to try.\n\nFood menu: https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=v6_zt-cUd-08WzYNBxFXlw&userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA\n\nDesserts and Beverages menu: https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=rW6nSd8OrY5HtNlg--QSTQ&userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA
I am writing this more for the manager Kelli than for the restaurant or our server. We actually had pretty bad service, though we did not get a chance to complain about it. We were seated quickly, and our service seemed very new at his job.  We were there for lunch.  We ordered our food and received soups and salad before drinks.  We were finished with our soups and salads before we caught the attention of another server who came to our aid and apologized for us not having our drinks yet.  She alerted the manager as we did not complain, just asked for our drinks.  Drinks came and then our entrees.  Our server came by a couple times and apologized but was still very weak at his job.  Hopefully he is given another chance and receives more training before his next guest arrives.  The 5 stars go to Kelli though for just coming out of nowhere and comping our meal.  Having a meal for free is very nice, but considering we didn't even complain but that she took the initiative to make sure that we were taken care of and happy with our experience - that's why she gets the 5 stars.  Great job Kelli - keep up the good work!
Food is awesome. Great drinks. And the staff is extremely welcoming! I will definitely be back.
Pizza is fresh and delicious. If you don't mind poor customer service and old school dining area, it's a good spot.
The first time we ate here everything was good.  Since that first we have tried it four more times.  The service and the food have been a big disappointment.  On the last visit I had to return my burger because it was not cooked.  When they brought it back it had an unusual odor but I ate it anyway.  Sick for three days.  Great location but we wont eat here again.
No matter how many restaurants move into the Fort Mill area, Red Bowl will always be a staple. The menu has a wide variety of Asian cuisine, and the quality of the food is pretty consistent. Their sushi menu is extensive and I've never been disappointed after ordering a roll I had never tried before. One of the best features of the menu is the "bento box", which allows you to choose from a wide array of options and customize your meal. If you decide to order a dinner entree, then be prepared to ask for a to-go box because the portions are generous!
I have never had a bad meal at this restaurant. The only reason it is not 5 stars is because sometimes the food is slow. I still recommend it because the wait is worth it.
Excellent donuts.  Very good texture.  It's a hybrid between a Krispy Kreme and a cake donut.  The best part is they are made fresh and the frosting/toppings are fresh as well.  I'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to donuts, so I liked the glazed, chocolate frosting and the cinnamon sugar with the vanilla frosting the best.  The fruit frosting ones are decent; the lemon and orange ones are the best.  I was not a fan of the peanut butter or strawberry frosted donuts.  This is a must stop for me anytime I am in Charlotte!  \n\nOne kind of negative thing about this place is that service is very slow because of the freshly made donuts.  Since they're not pre-made, it takes awhile to make.  But it's totally worth the wait!
Amazing Food!  We all turned to each other and said NEW FAVORITE ITALIAN PLACE!  Can't wait to go again and we didn't even try the cookies and pastries.  We all ordered different items and we all said the same thing - Yum!!
Barrio is a weekly spot for me. I go with my co-workers, husband and bring out of town guests. The atmosphere is PERFECT!! Casual yet trendy, hoppin but not too loud and the perfect prices for quick, fresh and delicious food.\n\nAnd now that it's warming up, whew is it beautiful?? Barrio has these beautiful garage doors that completely slide into the ceiling to expose diners to the sunshine in the front of the restaurant. AND they have an outdoor patio :) \n\nThe tacos are spectacular, cocktails are made with fresh ingredients and the beer options are crafty and endless.\n\nI love barrio and since its opening in Cleveland Heights my life has improved by 80% ;)
The neighbourhood definitely needed a Mexican restaurant and Chula does not disappoint! We got the guacamole to start (awesome), chicken enchilada and a bunch of different tacos. All the tacos were amazing but the beer battered fish ones were our favourite. Had churro sundae and fudge duo for dessert and both were phenomenal. We tried almost all of the margaritas and they were all great! The vibe here is great and the service was top notch. We had a very fun evening!
Took a day off on Monday in search for the holy grail of seafood tacos... Turns out, many places in Kensington were closed on Monday so we went with Playa Cabana since they had Octopus and Fish tacos. Arrived right when they open at noon and considering how their website looks, expected restaurant/seating to look better and more upscale. Ordered the ceviche to start with the Tacos de Pulpo. Cevice with a side of chips came first. The ceviche was NOT good, fish was barely visible and bowl was full of lime juice, tomato and peppers. Definitely not the authentic ceviche I've eaten in Mexico and Peru and a little steep at $9. Chips on the other hand were fresh and delicious and well seasoned so it was a good vehicle to try all the hot sauces they had on the table. \n\nTacos de Pulpo came next, Octopus was cooked nicely, good chipotle-tasting sauce. I should have ordered another tacos de pulpo instead of the ceviche.  For entree, we ordered the fish tacos and the tacos al pastor which came 15-20 mins after they took the dishes from appetizers. By the time I munched through half the chip basket.. Al pastor was good, had a good amount of pork and pineapple which balanced with the red onion. The fish tacos were OK, the slaw was a little bland but after putting the red and green hot sauce it was better. For an entree portion with 3 tacos in the $13-15 price point, I would have expected a larger portion but tacos were the same size as appetizer tacos or street vendor size. Also, authentic tacos usually come with two tortillas.\n\nThe bill for 4 dishes came to almost $60 with tax and tip, which I probably could have spent taco hopping at Kensington and been a lot more full/satisfied. Considering the neighborhood though, there will be enough hipsters and upper middle class folk who will come here and tell their friends they had the best fish tacos ever, which I unfortunately did not feel. 3 stars.
Taking off one star for service, I was the only person in the place and the place next door was packed, but I wanted to check out this spot.  It was cute inside, one ladiy said hi, the other who took my order was very blah blah.  ordered the asian chicken salad, does not look like the picture in this site lol...but they cooked the chicken fresh, it had a nice flavor and the salad was good, I would come back, but ladies please work on your customer serivce a bit!
The worst burrito I've ever had. Undercooked potatoes, lettuce, and ground beef. All terribly wrapped in a flour tortilla. Avoid this place. Don't Taco.
I just went last night, after not going since shortly after they opened. This place is pitiful! Many games don't work, and a lot of the seats on the ones that do are disgusting. There are literally huge holes in the seats, where you can see all the filthy foam inside. Less than half of the basketball games were on, and there were only 3 balls in each, so you waste a lot of time waiting for the balls to be returned. A lot of the 2-player shooting games are missing one gun,so you can't play them together. \n\nThey finally  got a dark ride, and I have always loved that attraction. It's fun, but too short. I'm glad I got to try it here while it's still new, before it looks like the rest of the building. \n\nI'm not sure how this place went down hill so fast, but it looks depressing in there, and it's pretty gross. I probably won't be going back.
I come here when my fiance who is pregnant craves french fries after having extreme food aversion to anything we try to eat at home. Usually it is pretty quick even though there are lines in the drive-thru as usual.\n\nI decided to Yelp this place today though because it is either extreme coincidence or racism that occurs each time I go. I honestly don't care either way, but I think it is interesting to report..\n\nI am a Caucasian adult male, and I commonly have African American adult males ringing me up or handing me the GIANT bag for the one order of french fries. Every single time so far they avoid looking at me, don't ask me if I need anything or any questions, and beyond that they literally do not say a WORD. Even when I say 'thank you' before I leave it is ignored.\n\nToday though, which is also why I wanted to write a review, FOR THE FIRST TIME, I was asked if I wanted ketchup, and my fiance didn't want any, but I was glad that someone thought about how they never give you anything, not even salt, on the side, and wanted to make sure the order was okay. The funniest joke about this was that he was an older Caucasian adult male. He even responded when I said 'thank you'. That is what made the difference of treatment stand out to me. I always assume fast food workers won't say a word, but this particular experience painted a weird picture over the different visits.\n\nI wish I would have asked his name. I think people deserve credit for doing things like that, it is exhausting to have to keep that energy with every customer all day.
Love the place, the ambience, food, everything! My favorite place to go to when I'm craving for some authentic italian food
Even for a Carrabba's (not a fan), this place rates lower. I've had some forgettable and unforgettable (not in a good way) meals here. I was once served chicken breast that was thoroughly raw in the center. In general there are better places to eat. Try San Nicola's in nearby Paoli or go 2 miles further to Fellini Cafe in Berwyn. Neither are chains and both are far better, and no more expensive, than Carrabba's.
Stayed on the 5th floor club level over the weekend and everything was clean. Nice room with a clean bath. Appreciated that it was quiet, and the staff was friendly. Daughter played in a field hockey tournament at nearby sports facility - easy 15 minute drive. Good breakfast - staff was friendly!
I am very surprised to see many bad reviews for this restaurants.  I came here twice so far within the last 6 months and both time I had a wonderful good time at Fraticelli's.  The server that was serving us did say they had new management around more than half a year ago, so maybe the foods are a lot better than previously.\n\nThe decoration in this restaurant is nice, although I have to say it was a little dim, but it didn't bother me that much.  My most recent visit is when they were having a special lobster menu and they were very appealing.  For a dinner for three, we ordered the following items:\n\nCalamari Alla Griglia - appetizer\nLobster Bisque - appetizer (soup)\nCaesar Salad - appetizer\nAmericana Pizza - Main (Pizza)\nChicken Alfredo Fettuccine - Main (Pasta)\nPappardelle Alla Bolongnese - Main (Pasta)\n\nThat is quite a lot of food for 3 people! Out of all the food above, I was most impressed with the Grilled Calamari (Calamari Alla Griglia), Lobster Bisque and the Bolongnese.  The salad is average, but the pizza, I thought it was very dry and I prefer the Pizza Hut style pizzas!\n\nThe calamari was displayed very nicely and with the sour sauce on top, it created a good chemistry.\nThe Lobster BIsque had very strong lobster flavour which was fantastic for a lobster bisque lover like me.\nThe Bolongnese sauce was great, the server did recommend us to add Meatballs on top and I did, but I thought the meatballs were not that good and if I can redo this, I would prefer eating the pasta by itself.  The texture of the pasta was normal, definitely not as al-dente as the bigger name Italian restaurants in downtown such as Terroni (I wrote a review for Terroni too!)  To end the night, we wrapped up with a Latte.  The latte was great, but I was hoping a little bit of latte art on top. \n\nOverall, I would give this play a 4 for offering solid environment, appetizers and pastas!
Just recently had a holiday party at gameworks and it was great! Thank you Ron Arenas for making this happen! The kids and the adults all had a good time there!
Good beer and even better food. Staff is attentive. They generally bring food out quickly. Last time I had pub pretzels which were AWESOME. Came with three sauces. Can't beat that!
Great remodeled hotel.  And the white horse restaurant is a must for dinner.  The menu is so much better than standard hotel selections. And weekend piano entertainment in the bar.
I've only been in Cleveland for about 9 months but I would have to say this is probably me and my fiancée's favorite place to eat so far. The restaurant has the right balance of hip and casual appeal for when you just want to be out. A restaurant that definitely draws in the younger crowd. Been to this location once and the Tremont location also once- here, we had very good customer service. Our waitress was exceptional. The downsides of Barrio are the wait times (you'll likely wait much longer relative to other places), parking (busy times can force you to attempt neighborhood parking), and that's about it. \n\nThe prices are right at this restaurant. You can't beat a Taco that taste this good for only a few bucks. Their highlights are their tastes (I love that pesto sauce!!!!), very customizable taco combinations, and customer service (at least in our experience).
Came back here after a Yelp! event to have dinner with family. We were not disappointed! Not only that, we ordered WAY too much food and had to take home lots of leftovers. Even though my son was one of the diners. He eats!  See his review here too (Mark B). We had four appetizers to share. We should have stopped there, it would have been enough. However, we each ordered dinner too. All but one were delicious. I thought the fish 'n chips were bland. I love to "drown" the fish in malt vinegar, as I did here. Even then, it didn't have enough flavor. Other than that, definitely a place for some non-standard casual fare. The wait staff was over-the-top friendly as well. Very enjoyable evening.
The food here is tasty and well prepared, a relief with kids in tow.  Just not that many items on their menu.  I say this because I expect overpriced pre-packaged food from museum cafes.  However, it seems to be very well run with a manager who oversees the preparation of the food.  The menu is simple and the staff very friendly.  I love the view from this location of the preserves, as well as, the Strip, most specifically you can see the Stratosphere.  I forget I'm in Vegas!  For what you get, the food is great. Don't hesitate coming here if you're visiting the Spring Preserves.  Of course the prices will be inflated but they're not outrageous.
Cool place for my 9 year old son. On the pricey side. He was excited, we loaded $20 on his card and he blew through that in less than 45 minutes! The bowling alley looked nice we didn't bowl this time, however we did check it out for a potential birthday party site. \nOverall we enjoyed it, would love it if it were more reasonably priced.
In all fairness, we haven't experienced Yuzu in its entirety  (ordered take-out) but the food was mediocre at best. Ordered 2 different bowls, the Korean Beef and Thai Beef and both were so-so.. Wouldn't order either of those again. And the portions are small... Get what ya pay for, I suppose. Will probably try Yuzu again & next time time dine in & try the drinks. Definitely wouldn't recommend take-out, though, at least not the bowls we ordered.
The average tasting sushi and friendly service was totally undone by the nearly hour long wait to get our food after ordering. The place isn't very big and was not busy when we place our order so the wait, in my opinion, was totally unjustified. \nNice, clean and fairly priced...but way too slow.
If I could give this a negative star, I would. I can deal with poor customer service, but finding glass in a biscuit? Unacceptable!\n\nI went to this location last night with my boyfriend, his mother, and her fiancé. Our server was in training, and the girl "supervising" her was off at another table. I ordered the Sangria and my boyfriend order a Fat Tire. When the drinks were delivered, the server spilled the ENTIRE sangria in his lap. Luckily he was wearing leather pants, so he just dried himself off. However, his $300+ shoes were soaked. \n\nTo attempt to make up for this spill (let's face it, spills happen), the manager said she would send a comped appetizer to us. Well that never showed up. Apparently there was a miscommunication.\n\nFast forward, the meal finally comes. The food was great, thank god! I ask for a box for my leftovers, and we ask for some of the biscuits to go. \n\nLater that night, my boyfriend says, "I'm going to eat all the biscuits." I asked him to save me one, and thank god he didn't eat it. I microwaved the last biscuit this morning, and bit down into it, only to find a MASSIVE piece of glass embedded in the biscuit. I can't be sure if the glass was intentionally put there, or if it may have gotten mixed in earlier, but it certainly seems fishy. I will definitely be pursuing some kind of legal action & involving the news because this is UNACCEPTABLE and will never happen again. $87 (before tip) with a comped meal & appetizer will never be worth what I found. \n\nDO NOT EAT HERE.
This place is so good I seriously couldn't stop thinking about my left-overs and actually got pretty excited around dinner time knowing I was having the second half of my sandwich.\n\nI highly recommend Firehouse Subs and plan to eat there as frequently as possible.
I ordered delivery here with my fiancé... when I opened the box I noticed the smell was off but thought maybe I was just being weird... tried to take a bite but it was disgusting, it almost tasted coppery to me. My fiancé said it smelled like sewage... like there were some serious health code violations happening with the cheese. When we called to complain we were told we had to bring the pizza in so we could prove to them that there was something wrong with it, totally defeating the purpose of delivery. I will not be ordering from here again. It is completely unacceptable to serve food like that; there is no way it should have gone unnoticed. And then to make us bring it back? Just ridiculous. In all fairness, they did refund us after we brought it back, but claimed they "didn't think it smelled off."
Didn't see what the hype was about.  It was decent but not amazing. One taco I got was super greasy. And the Dulce Leche cake was dryer than it should have been
Skip that place-that-shall-not-be-named and try your kid's party here. Hosted my son's 6th bday in the cosmic bowling area for 25 - kids & adults. The kids bowled first, since we had to get them shoe'd up, bumpers & smaller-sized bowling balls; we ordered drinks & started snacking, leaving time for the kids to eat after they bowled w/ the adults settled in. The timeline worked out perfect for us. \n\nFor food, we went with: \n- Fresh Fruit Tray -very fresh pineapples, melon, grapes, strawberries & blackberries; this is a huge colorful tray & loved it\n\n-Caesar Salad - Crisp with dressing on the side- loved the dressing, was surprisingly tasty as I didn't know what to expect\n\n-Baked Ziti -  this was also really surprisingly pleasing & a crowd favorite\n\n-Pizzas - I didn't try personally, but the first order was gobbled up so we ordered a second round that was also destroyed\n\nOverall, our hosts were super accommodating, worked with us within our budget & even helped us extend our party so that we could open gifts with family after everyone bowled/played in the arcade. A+ service!\n\nWe added on the 2 hour game cards. If you rent the bowling area, I'd skip the games. First of all, it's a madhouse & hard to keep track of the little ones. We could have just bowled w/ everyone (disclaimer: because we had so many adults, it was fun for the kids to clear out for awhile so adults had some space to bowl). The timed game cards are confusing- they don't work on many games & no tickets. The solution would be to get the paid game cards that play for tickets. I heard the cocktails were light but wines & beers appeased - I would stick with the mid-level bar tickets over the premium & next time - also comes w/ a variety of soft drinks in the package, refills included.\n\nAs far as kids parties go in an arcade setting, I highly recommend. I loved how easy going, yet attentive the planners and staff were. A solid 4.5 kid's party.
Pretty good.  I have a picky seven-year-old and I lucked out in finding this place: they serve fries.  This is usually not the metric I use for guiding me to sushi restaurants, but then again, I normally don't bring my kid.  He enjoyed the kids dinner (terikayi chicken, fries, and weiners). My Mom tried a steak stir fry and said it was good.  I tried a couple of special rolls, which I thought we just OK, a spicy tuna hand roll, and an order of smelt roe nigiri. The hand roll was great.  I've had spicy tuna that was anything but spicy, and this was right on the mark in terms of piquancy.  Smelt roe was fine; no surprises.  It was totally worth ordering for the look on my son's face when I told him those were fish eggs and then proceeded to eat it.  The service was attentive and friendly.
This location is horrible. I went through the drive through and my order was messed up. Then I went inside and they messed it up two more times. They moved with no sense of urgency whatsoever and I was left waiting for quite a while. Not to mention, I was not compensated in anyway nor did I receive a refund. Very unpleasant experience.
Nice cool (temp-wise) place for those Summer Hell lunches. Our server was great. LOTS of personality, friendly and took time with us, even with training a new server.  They were both attentive and kept our drinks full. I had the BBQ burger and it was great! Juicy, good toppings and not drenched in sauce. My buddy had the Charr burger ans said it was cooked well and very tasty. Actually heading back in a bit and wanted to let them know they are doing a great job!!
Awesome place for brunch! Order the chicken and waffles taco, it's amazing!\n\nIt's pretty easy to get a seat in the morning or late at night but if you're coming during dinner expect to wait about half an hour for a table, it's a popular spot and they don't take reservations.  Other than that the food and staff are great, try it out :)
Visit:  Weekend Brunch, Saturday, Nov. 14, 2015\n\nMy friend and I arrived at 10:00am -- I believe we were the first ones to arrive. The staff, including those that I could see working in the open kitchen all appeared to be happy and in wonderful moods. \n\nWe ordered The Burger (cooked medium) with French Fries and The Portabella Burger (vegetarian) with a Salad.  And because the morning was nothing short of perfection, we sat outside on the veranda -- the outdoor seating area is large, overlooks the preserve, and has a fabulous view of the city.\n\nThe Burger is fantastic. The bread is soft, toasted, and buttery. The bacon is thick and crispy. The meat is of quality and was cooked perfectly. \n\nFeedback: Serving the fries in a bucket is cute, but it causes them to be less crispy. Next time, I'd ask to have them served directly on the plate.\n\nThe Portabella Burger is fantastic as well. In place of a beef patty, the "burger" patty is actually a large portabella mushroom.  With the addition of marinated roasted peppers and hummus, this dish has a Mediterranean vibe about it. \n\nFeedback:  I would have liked a bit more hummus and the salad to have been a tad more substantial, it was a bit skimpy.\n\nI will return, again and again! \n\n---- \n\nMy Order....\n\nBURGER $9.50, + Cheddar\nangus patty w/bacon, lettuce, tomato, cracked pepper mayo, brioche bun.\n\nPORTABELLA BURGER (vegetarian) $9.00, + $1.00 for salad\ngrilled zucchini. roasted peppers. tomato. hummus. provolone cheese. brioche bun.\n\nINFUSED WATER  $1.50\n\nCOFFEE  $3.00
This review is strictly for there restaurant I got a undercooked pizza and the taste was awful. I'm not got food poisoning in puking every 15 min and with stomach pains. Please don't eat here.\n\nNow as far as arcades I give it a 5 star but the food a 0 the bowling alley is awsome and the bar is cool .\n\n\nOnly thing again stay away from the food
We didn't have to wait long, authentic, regulars from the community we're eating there, good selection, quality and price.
I love dim sum, so if a city has a china town this is my first stop. So, this was a first meal in Toronto. \n\nAlthough it seems very busy, they are very good about seating you quickly. However, the seat we got was somewhat out of the way from most of the carts. Therefore, the service was not very good. While I normally like to sample many plates and have some variety, we could only get a small plate at a time and wait 15 or 20 minutes for the next small plate to pass. \n\nEverything we got was good, but I wish there was more variety. All our plates had no meat or shrimp, which I guess I should have predicted based on the name of the restaurant. I was missing some por dumplings though. \n\nMy boyfriend was happy with this place because of its authentic vibe. This is not for people who have never tried dim sum before, it might be overwhelming. You definitely have dim sum for more of an interactive dining environment less so than a relaxing one, and this was true for dim sum king. \n\nThe restaurant was good, but I would try somewhere else before coming back here again.
Cool new Japanese / Sushi Place.  Power & Ray.\n\nSome really cool unique rolls and tons of options for non-sushi eaters. I would say that the only issue they have, is that they do not have a Sushi ordering chart. You basically order the Sushi off the menu, so if you have a large group it may get confusing. I think they need to add a quick sushi ordering chart, so you can write down what you want. I think this will help the waiter or waitress as well.
A great place to enjoy a bite to eat while visiting the Springs Preserve or just looking for a new hangout. The food is super (burgers are huge!) and the staff is very attentive. Prices are surprisingly low.
Go ahead, I dare you! Just try walking through the doors of Duck Donuts without smiling. It's nearly impossible! Personally, I felt a little like one of the kids touring Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory as I stood in line on my first visit. I could almost hear the tune playing in my head, "Willy Wonka, Willy Wonka."\n\nAs I tried to make sense of things, one-by-one, giddy people placed their orders in front of me as if mesmerized by some strange spell. Nearly half, like myself, needed to be instructed how to order and what their options were (which at first, seemed daunting.) You order, pay and wait anxiously for your number to be called while your yellow cake donuts are created fresh - fried, coated, dipped, sprinkled, topped and/or drizzled - on the assembly line behind a glass partition.\n\nImportant Note: You will need a napkin to wipe away your inevitable drool if you choose to observe yours made. Be warned though, watching increases your wait time.\n\nMaking a choice can be difficult. I had intended to just order two - their top sellers: Bacon & Maple Glazed and Cinnamon Sugar - and yet what came out if my mouth was something totally different - those two plus for four more. Hey, it makes sense I rationalized, you get a discount on a half dozen!\n\nThe Bacon & Maple was pretty incredible as was the Cinnamon Sugar. (For the record, I had only half of each.) The Lemon glaze was a little too sweet because of either the confectionary sugar dusting our due to the fact that it was the third one I tried. The other three were the vanilla glaze, the chocolate covered with vanilla drizzle and one just like that covered in coconut and peanuts. Yes, my middle aged stomach was a little nauseas afterward (and a little now just recalling it.)\n\nThe coffee was just okay as was the service. The sanitary rating was a 94. Overall, it's a fun place with good donuts; however, it will still not not help me break my Krispy Kreme addiction. I will return though but next time I'll take my kids. Now if I could just get that darn Willy Wonka tune out of my head!
Went for dinner last night and the entire group was very impressed. The meal starts with complementary bread and dipping sauce...absolutely incredible. I could've just had that for dinner. For appetizers we got the specials they were offering- one was crab cakes, which were crumbly, tasteless, and over-all mediocre. The other was toasted bread slices, goat cheese, and cranberry relish. Basic, simple, but very, very good.\nFor the entree I got the spaghetti del pescatore. Nice sauce, generous amounts of mussles and calamari (although only 3 shrimp), and the pasta itself was cooked perfectly. The only other entree I tried was my younger sister's spaghetti and meatballs ordered off the kid's menu- this, surprisingly, was also quite good...had a real 'homemade' taste to it.\nFor desert I ordered a chocolate amaretto creme brulee. This was truly a masterpiece, one of the best deserts I've had. Thin, crispy top layer, and creamy rich wonderfully flavoured custard.\nService was great as well. Friendly, courteous, and prompt. I easily go through 5 or more drinks through a meal and this is one of the few places where I never found myself waiting for a refill.
Love this place. I was in town visiting family and I asked them to recommend something local, unique (no chain restaurants, off the strip).  This place fit the bill.  We were seated right away and the service was outstanding throughout the meal. Atmosphere is very comfortable (except I agree with the other Yelp review about the poor choice of "background" music).   Arancini, caprese, pappardelle gamberi, spaghetti & meatballs were all excellent, but a bit overpriced so I can't give it 5 stars.  I can't wait to come back and try some of my other favorites (lobster ravioli, chicken marsala) so please don't take those off the menu!
Waited several minutes for the waitress to come take our drink order. There were four of them waitresses sitting at a table, talking and eating.. So it's not like she was busy.  Slow service... \nThis place the food is overpriced for what you get.  Nothing special about the quality of the food.. \nWish I went to Applebee's instead.. \nWon't be returning.. The music is to loud.
Just returned from an excellent dinner at Charr -- our entire party of four enjoyed their burgers, and the service was gracious, efficient, and complete. I had the Turkey Burger, which was delicious and easily altered as per my requests. Instead of fries, I ordered the grilled veggies, which were perfectly done. Our waitress, Claudia, was very professional and extremely attentive. (I am glad that we did not take those negative reviews below to heart. Instead, we gave Charr a chance to prove those reviewers wrong, and we are certainly glad it did.) We look forward to returning.
We were a group of 6 and I'm so glad we made reservations.  Didn't have to wait for a table like some mentioned. The place was packed and quite small! Not a good idea to hang a huge winter coat on ur chair! We ordered a pitcher of margaritas. .it was good and strong, and not sweet. .kind of perfect! (The one we ordered was called Dave's). For food, we started with chips and guacamole  (delicious but not spicey considered we ordered spicey), chicken quesedillas (probably not my favourite), flautas with braised beef (omg yum!), and corn. Then we ordered tacos - chicken tinga, braised beef, and Baja fish..all were delicious!  We ordered a couple of burritos which weren't bad. I think we preferred the tacos. Finished the meal with churros..which tasted like heaven!  Overall - really good and we'd probable go again but not in a big group. Service was pretty good - very informal. It's a completely different ambience compared to a steakhouse for example so level of service will be different too. I'm normally quite picky on service and I was happy!
Maybe I'm the exception, but I had a good experience here!\n\nMy friend and I decided to come here for brunch one morning and to dine in.  The wait for our crepes did take a little bit of time, but bear in mind - they're making these crepe's from scratch on the spot, and they're really really yummy!\n\nWe split a sweet crepe (banana-peanut butter-nutella ) and a savory one (tomato-pesto-basil).  Both were really really good.  They're also filling!  We were too full to try any of their gelato or specialty drinks, but everything on their menu looked so good that I know I'll be back to try their other items!\n\nThe waitstaff was nice and helpful as well, and inside it was all sunny and happy feeling (yay for lots of windows, bright decor, and white, minimalistic furniture).\n\nYou could call ahead and take out, or if you have some extra time for some good food and a relaxing meal, then try out Crepe Cafe.
My flight got delayed and I was walking around the new International Terminal and found this gem across from Montreal Bagels. It didn't seem special at first, but after reviewing their menu on a small piece of cardboard paper, my mouth started watering up and knew this was the place to be! I wasn't too hungry so I made a Classic Burger with an extra pan fried egg ($1.09) and added Garlic aioli ($.99) - it was one of the best burgers I've had! Being in an airport you would expect over priced food, but this was priced just right. My burger came out to $10 plus tax which is descent for being in the airport. My friend got the KONG Ahi Tun burger and it was intense, it was a bit more expensive ($15.99 + tax) but well worth it (that's what he said). From looking at the ingredients embedded within his burger, I regretted not getting the KONG. It came with Grilled yellowtail tuna, Asian marinated cucumbers, wakame, tomato chutney, oyster mushrooms, wasabi aioli. Would definitely be back during my next airport visit. Apparently they have another restaurant in Montreal, so you can try their delicious burgers without buying a flight ticket.
Decent food, but terrible service. We came here because the pho restaurants we normally go to in downtown were closed, but my experience at Pho Noodles did not live up to my expectations.  \n\nFor starters, they did not know how to seat people (they seated a party of 2 at a 4-person table when there was a 2-person table open, so that larger parties were unable to be seated). Plus, they small restaurant with no waiting area, so people have to wait basically hovering over people while they eat. Also, as I was having dinner, there was a line of people waiting for their "To Go" food and almost all of the customers had to wait 25+ minutes to receive their food, constantly reminding them that they were waiting for carry out orders. \n\nFood-wise, the BBQ pork Banh mi lacked meat and I could mainly taste bread. Their Pho Tai was good, but nothing stellar. And their boba was a little over cooked, so it didn't have that chewy consistency that boba normally has. \n\nOverall, we had to wait a very long time to be seated and then again to order and then receive food. I wouldn't have a huge issue with this if the meal seemed worth it, but I wasn't very impressed by what we received. I don't plan to return here the next time I am craving a warm bowl of pho.
The Gameworks at townsquare was such a disappointment. They barely had any good games and is smaller than the original gameworks. They could have fit in more games if they left out the bowling and restaurant area that nobody was using. Oh well...the best game in my opinion was the Family Guy pinball game.
If i could submit no stars i would. First, the red headed or pink haired bartender needs to check herself. She showed no hospitality and failed to make an old fashioned cocktail. Barely any whiskey and served in a dirty soda glass. Also while i was trying to enjoy my terribly made drink i could overhear her speaking rudely about me to her coworkers. Girl needs to go.
Went on a Saturday afternoon around 2pm, weather was sunny, hot, patio weather like.  Made no appointments as it was not busy when we arrived.  Called just in case to see if we needed to make an reservation but they said no need as it generally gets busy later in the evening, and they were right.  Once we sat there for a good 10 mins, we noticed people started to come in, one by one.  \n\nServer were alright, it would be nice if  they described which taco was which, as we ordered 3 different tacos and could barely tell the difference.  \n\nWe got the churrizo corn dog as the appetizers, it was alright, kind of blend, the hint of spice was good.  The tomatoe/corn sauce on top was a good touch to compensate the blend taste.  \n\nWe got 3 tacos, pulled pork, chicken, brisket.  I would say i was dissapointed,  tasted a bit blend as well.  I had high hopes for the taco wrap as the pictures on yelp made it look delicious, but tasted kind of like card board and tasted tough.  And I've had my fair share of real good tasting tacos.  Compared to when i went to dominican/cuba before.  I had high hopes itll somewhat taste the same or more or less at least a different twist.\n\nAnd finally for drinks we got the carribana and the sunrise cocktail, did not end up finishing it but they were pretty good if you like the super boozy taste.  The carribana cocktail you can taste the hint of coconut and was a good level of sweetness, same goes with the sunrise.  It had a good puch taste and nice touch of slush ice for a hot sunny day.\n\nWould i go back, probably not for a while.
What a gem this place is!  There is not a single bad choice on the menu, between the interesting cocktails, skewered meats, and rice bowls, everything we tried was quite honestly fantastic!  Not only that, but the waitstaff was so friendly and welcoming.  They wanted us to know we could bring our dog (if we had one) to hang out on their outdoor patio.  They even had a dog menu that included a dog bone flight.  Adorable!  Make a date to stop in here, for sure.
This was my first time to Charr!  I can promise it will not be my last time.  I had the portabello burger( FABULOUS), the truffle fries are truly worth writing home about, and OMG, the blueberry bread pudding with whiskey sauce.  I literally needed to be rolled out of the door with left overs for tomorrow!  Happy tummy for 2 days!
My budddy loves this place and until recently I had never tried it, The sandwichs are good, I myself had the Italian and it was delicious the staff was friendly and I liked the items on the menu enough to want to try something different on my next visit.
Still not sure if I like yeast or cake donuts better,  but ducks cake donuts sure are awesome.  the maple with or without bacon is probably my favorite.   try the cake donuts then immediately drive to Krispy Kreme for a yeast donut...its hard to decide!
I like this place, especially to get some work done. Coffee is good enough, although the pastries were definitely nothing special - my indicators were a croissant (not flakey) and a scone (kinda dry). Also, they're kinda slow in the morning if you're grabbing something on the way to the bus, despite there being no line -- their employees might want to drink some more coffee in the am =)\n\nBut if you want to get some work done and you've got a laptop, it's great - nice big place and employees who could care less if you're hanging out. In this respect, the only downside is that it's kinda dark inside - lots of grey decor for some reason, but hey, that makes me feel like I'm in the office or something. Plus, they have real chairs, which makes it more comfortable to hang out. All in all, if I want a cup of "the best" coffee and/or an awesome pastry, I'd go somewhere else, but space-wise, this is a much better space to study or do some work. Wifi too I think, but haven't tested it myself.\n\n(Oh, but -2 for the company's stupid, slow to load flash website.)
This place is really good to taste some tandoori items, I ordered hariyali Chicken and some curries, but hariyali chicken was good out of all.Nice place for dinner with the entertaining belly dancer (Friday, Saturday).\n\nCocktails was not that good.
Matt and his gang do a great job. Love the chicken Gyros.
It took over ten minutes to get my order as the fifth car in the line.  They were out of two ingredients needed for my order.  The cashier was mute, displaying a very poor affect.  My order of two items needed to be fully repeated three times for the woman taking my order.  I'm torn between whether she put little effort in listening to the order or has a short term memory problem that should prevent her from working at that station.  Regional management might want to check in on this location's management.\n\nFood was the same sub-par, just barely edible quality that it ususlly is.  \n\nI would have gone elsewhere if I wasn't trapped in the 'drive-thru' lane.  \n\n27 June 2016, Monday, 1:45pm
The Jerk Chicken was flavourful, but to be honest the price seems a bit high for what you are getting. Rice and Peas were a bit dry but they added extra jerk juices which made it way better. Definitely worth going in for a quick lunch, but not sure I would drive across town for it. Very friendly service and they do to-go!
I did not like Mexican food. where ever we went I always try to eat nothing until i found this place. love their guacamole, the chicken taco and that giant burrito. thank you for making me love Mexican food.
I was trying to think of places I would miss when I finish my Master's program here in Champaign-Urbana and the top three are Murphy's, Canopy Club and Zorba's. \n\nI've always been a fan of gyros and I have to say that these are right up there with the ones I get in Chicago. In fact, Zorba's is better than some of the gyros I've gotten in Chicago before. \n\nThis is my favorite place to eat on Green Street. Besides Antonio's, it's probably the only one that not a chain and I unequivocally love the Large Gyro combo plain with a Cherry Pepsi.
Quality varies from delicious to uneatable. The scallops with garlic sauce was cold. The scallops were raw. The shrimp curry was bland with potatoes and shrimp tasting the same. Tables was cleared but not wiped.
Before I go into my review, I had another odd incident happen to me after I checked in on Yelp at this establishment three weeks ago. \n\nWithin minutes of checking in on Yelp, our server came over and asked for someone with my first name. I indicated that it was my first name, but that I was not expecting anyone to reach me at this restaurant. \n\nThis same issue happened to me at another place back in July. Commonalities include the following:\n- Both restaurants were in Mississauga\n- Both phone calls happened moments after I had checked in on Yelp\n- The caller asked for my first name and claimed that the call was urgent\n\nAfter discussing this predicament with helpful Yelpers, let me say the following to this person:\n- I am not going to waste my time dealing with such a juvenile prank. How would you like it if I bugged you during a casual meal? It's rude. \n- Don't call and say that it's an "emergency" and that I must take the call. If it were one, my cell phone covers that communication channel. No one would be reaching me at a restaurant.  \n- Dude, you need a new hobby and perhaps an introspective review of who you are. Put yourself in my shoes. Do you want to be interrupted eating a meal with such a call? If you do, you need help. I don't appreciate it. Restaurant staff that you are hassling don't appreciate your games, either. Keep on calling. I'm not falling for it. \n\nNow, back to my review. \n\nFive of us came here for lunch as part of our team's Friday ritual. I drove four colleagues and our boss rode his motorcycle over. He followed me, as he had no clue how to get there. \n\nWe were the first ones there at noon. We sat at a round table. \n\nOur server was sweet and helpful. I asked her what the difference was between the old-fashioned and super Montreal smoked meat. The former has a black pepper crust. The latter does not. \n\nI also asked where what kind of mustard she has. From her black apron belt, she yanked out five different types of mustard. I was blown away! Such a quick draw! She even had honey mustard and Jack Daniel's. \n\nI ordered the Super Montreal smoked meat (medium) platter, which comes with fries, coleslaw, and a pickle. I asked that the fries be swapped our for onion rings. Instead, I got both fries and onion rings. \n\nIt was generous of my server to let me keep both. I loved the fries. I normally get bored of them. These were fresh, taste​, creamy on the inside, with the right amount of crispness. \n\nThe onion rings were amazing! I couldn't eat them all and took the rest home. So good! They weren't thick or raw. They were perfect. \n\nMy smoked meat sandwich was amazing. The bread wasn't soggy, but the meat was tender and juicy. I tried all the different types of mustard. As expected, I loved the honey mustard and Jack Daniel's, with the latter being my favourite. My manager agreed with my assessment. \n\nThe coleslaw was great. It was crunchy and flavourful. I took a bite of the pickle spear. I typically don't eat pickles, but it was tolerable for someone who isn't a pickle fan. \n\nYou get a lot of food. I looked at all the desserts displayed when I left. I may need to do a dessert order to go the next time I am back. \n\nI can't wait to try more menu items. The smoked meat truly made me think that I was in Montreal, but without the travel costs. \n\n(209)
Good sushi. The high school waitress did not want to be there at all.  With all the options around town, it not worth it to have dinner around another grumpy teen.  Very bad service...  too bad..
The big draw to this establishment is that you get hot freshly made custom donuts. These are yummy cake donuts that have a variety of custom toppings to choose from. These donuts melt in your mouth. Caution, very messy to eat while you are driving home with these little jewels.
Hoorah! Yelp Review #100!! And I crossed a boarder to get it! \n\nWell, maybe I didn't cross it specifically to be my #100, but I'm in Toronto and it happened to be my #100. Now, I was worried that my excitement regarding this restaurant may have been biased. I was REALLY excited that this place was going to be the big triple digit review. However, this place was pretty fantastic. \n\nThe ambiance here is great. Just enough tables to feel like it could be crowded, but not too many to were it loses its intimacy. Great long padded bench with tables spread out along it and some individual tables  as well. A cute little outside area (but only 2 person tables can fit...it is teany tiny!). Nice well decor, lighting, music. Cute bar with tons of wine options (or at least enough to make me happy). \n\nFood was pretty great too. The bread was hot and toasted just right and served with olive oil and balsamic. My pasta with sausage was great and my friend enjoyed her mussels. However, it was the frites that came along with the mussels that were pretty damn delicious. Great salty flavor with what seemed like a hint of parmesan and spice. Finish off with a perfect sized tiramisu and you'll be pleasantly satisfied. \n\nMy sangria was great, but I don't claim to be a sangria expert (one of my favorite sangria's is made with Mad Dog 20-20...I love Dominik's!). Very fruity and I loved it. \n\nA couple of fun facts: All you can eat mussels Mon-Thu; They have a second location apparently but I have no clue where it is; It's been around for about 8 years (per our waiter, who was very nice) and is a local favorite; packed on weekends and they don't take reservations between 7pm-8pm on weekends; they also have a prix fixe menu for $25 (appetizer, main course, and dessert) .\n\nHonestly, this place would be great for a casual dinner with friends or even for a date. I really enjoyed it and the food was faboo (yahoo!)\n\nHappy #100 Yelp!
Fish tacos and breaded chicken breast panini on naan with fries. Delicious to the last bite! Fresh and high quality ingredients. Highly recommend trying this tucked away gem of a place. Did I mention the view of Las Vegas to go with your respite? Nice atmoshpere
This is for the arcade only I did not eat there so my old review on the pizza is the same.  The arcade was Very clean this time.   Most  of the machines were in working order. Staff was very friendly and responsive when we used  a game that was broken. We went on a dark 3D game which is an additional fee it  was very cool and felt like we got our money's worth.   I saw a big improvement over the last time I was there.   I hope they improved their food and next time I'm there I'll try their kitchen again.
Good solid food I love that they have a nice gluten free options. The service was great and fast.  The pastas are all made in house. The gnocchi was disappointing and was very mushy. The other pastas were very good. I enjoyed their meatballs they were very flavorful. You cannot leave hungry here the portions are large.
Cool idea for a donut spot where they make them right in front of you. This place is cheap (in a good way) and has great coffee as well. In the mornings this place is packed with soccer moms and families, but the lines move fast and the cashiers are quick.
After reading the reviews for this place I decided to give it a chance. \n\nI met a friend here for lunch and we were promptly seated. Our waitress was really nice and very attentive... drinks always refilled without having to ask and our order was taken quickly. She even gave us drinks in to-go cups after we paid our bill. Nice touch.\n\nAs for the food... it's so-so. We had some wings for appetizers, kind of small, not that juicy, nor were they spicy. But they came out fast... my guess is that they're warming them up rather than deep frying them.\n\nI ordered the grilled Mahi Mahi. The description said it was cooked in a garlicky butter sauce but I couldn't taste it. It was rather bland. I think I picked a meal that was too healthy... it just lacked flavor.\n\nThe manager stopped by once to make sure everything was ok. The keyword is 'once'! That's a good thing in my book!! There are too many restaurants where the manager stops by 4 or 5 times interrupting your meal / conversation... once is all you need. Plus this guy looked a little scary but he was really nice.\n\nI forgot to ask how my friends lunch tasted, but it looked pretty delicious. I wish I ordered what he had (some kind of burger).\n\nOverall it's a nice place, great atmosphere... it's probably a fun place to go watch a Browns or Cavs game, have some drinks (good beer selection). I would recommend it if you're in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
Chef Johnny Chu is amazing! My daughter noticed this new ramen place near in the Moon Valley district. We went last night, and it was not a disappointment. The vibe is cool with anime being projected on the walls. We waited a while before we were seated even though there was no line. The place was packed, though, which was nice to see.\n\nYakiramen offers a selection of small plates and yakitori. We asked our server for a recommendation as far as appetizers. She said that the puffed rice, bacon wrapped lychee, kobe beef and pork tenderloin were delicious. We chose to go with the unusual grilled puffed rice with nori or seaweed, and the traditional tonkotsu ramen.\n\nThe grilled puffed rice was amazing! It had the hibachi smokiness, perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with sesame seeds. Now, it was tasty by itself, but the Yuzu soy dip with scallions.....OMG, I died and went to heaven.\n\nThen came the ramen. Oh, the wafting scent of slow cooked pork and chicken broth was the base for this lovely dish. The noodles, although not made in-house, is a recipe created by Chef Chu and made in California. The noodles are served with corn, black fungus, enoki straw mushrooms, grilled pork belly (Danish pork melts in your mouth and with a delicious smoke) and the amazing coddled soft boiled egg. I forgot to add the in-house pickled red ginger strips that adds a fresh note to the rich assemblage. The broth flirts on a little too salty for my palette, but still, the robust combination is fabulous. I cannot wait to try the spicy miso based ramens. The egg makes the broth oh so creamy. They offer chili oil and a spicy sesame oil. I am a total fan of the spicy sesame oil with this particular ramen.\n\nChef Chu spent some time with us and talked about his love for asian fusion cuisine. I noticed that on the small plates, there were 3 dishes that included the use of truffle oil. I cannot wait to come back and try these offerings. I want to eat the Kobe beef yakitori and try another bowl of ramen. Chu recommends the Ma-La, a spicy szechuan inspired ramen. We are so grateful to discover another delicious restaurant in the West Valley!\n\nTip: Be mindful of the hours. We stopped by on a Friday afternoon trying to catch lunch, but we had to come back at 4 pm. Hours on Friday was from 4 pm - Midnight. But now, we know where we can do a Friday late night run!
Does management know who their target customer is?  What a disappointment!  Are they a bar or a game/entertainment center? One second they are catering to adults with drinks and low budget tv's and steps away they are catering to 5 year old children. The bar and arcade are a very weird mix in such a small space.  This is a classic example of a jack of all trades, master of none.  If this is a restaurant /bar, there are better ones 25 feet away and if this is an arcade for children, this is Las Vegas and Circus Circus runs circles around it. I expected that this was going to be a very cool, new and innovative arcade center for all ages and was really excited for something new and different to arrive but was disappointed to say the least and would never go back. I could improve this place with my eyes closed.
Came here for lunch.  No one was at the front counter to greet us so we ended up seating ourselves. After seating ourselves, still no one acknowledge us. 2 guys seating at a table and 1 guy standing, talking in italian, guy standing saw us and still continue to conversate. Still waiting and nothing..got up and left amd took our business here at ventano
The kids LOVE this place. They seem to be always understaffed though. Takes too long to be sat, served, get your food, AND pay your bill. The really need to hire some people.
Creative drinks that make you feel like a kid with a license to drink. You definitely get a local vibe here. We loved the Thai beef bowl and the Yuzu fries.  Also, bonus they offer cauliflower rice! The prices are great and the staff super laid back and friendly. 4 stars because we sat on the patio and it needs a little work, especially lighting and seating. It's new so I'm sure they will get there. We will definitely be back!
We like KFC but for years and years this particular KFC has been one of the worst in the area.  Maybe they don't do enough volume.  Maybe it's the owners.  But I wish we had a better chicken restaurant in Westlake.
Best Pepperoni Pizza .. best cheesesteak hoagies out of the big three on Murray
I don't mind eating at the Olive Garden because I LOVE their soup, salad, and bread sticks. That alone is 4 stars! I'm taking away one star because they serve shitty overpriced pasta.
Loved everything about this place! It has a huge, open-concept dining area with a big fireplace and some tables have couches instead of chairs.\n\nI liked the variety of food and drinks they offered. We had fantastic deviled eggs for an appetizer. My boyfriend got duck wings that were tossed in this DELICIOUS sauce... LAWD. UGH! I got a bacon BBQ burger which was really great! And my sister got the bison burger. She didn't like it too much... she asked for medium rare and it came out well. She is also never impressed with anyone's food but her own LOL. \n\nOne thing they do here that I think is clutch for a good restaurant is they make their own sauces with their personal twist. They had a red pepper aoli and cilantro ranch, both of which were bomb af!\n\nThe waitress (Savannah) and other staff were super friendly and attentive!\n\nI really want to try more of their items, so I'll be back for sure!
Went there on the weekend for dinner with a group of friends.  We ordered a lot of dim sum, beer, etc.  For dim sum, everything was ok.  Nothing stood out as being great or bad, pretty middle of the road stuff.  Actually, the General Tso chicken was below average, like they just deep fried some chicken and added sweet and sour sauce.  \n\nHowever, I would like to compliment the service.  The head waiter/floor manager(?) was tentative, took care of us and genuinely funny.  Even the others who actually did the serving, dishes removal, etc were very good and compliments to them all.  Unfortunately with high volume restaurants, quantity and not quality is the usual so it was a pleasant surprise.  \n\nIf the food was better, it'd be 4 stars but definitely 3.5.
When a salad is called Mega Mix, you expect some mega veg. Instead, I received a bowl of mixed greens. My "salad" had only 3 of the 7 veggies the menu promised, and a sorry portion at that. And while the balsamic vinaigrette was tasty, it didn't make up for my poor excuse for a salad. I would have requested a new one, but the man working the counter was scarcely available. And when he was, he acted confused and apathetic. Before you say it might have been an off day and maybe I should give him another chance, this was my second time trying this place and my experience was the same. The decor is cute but everything is sticky. The cups, the floor, the tables. Sticky.\n\nI would love to see this place step up its game. There aren't a lot of cafes with such an elaborate salad menu in the area and I would be a frequent patron if they figured out their stuff. Best of luck, D'Lish.
This place dominates! After the catastrophic menu change at Pei Wei (we'll never go back) my wife and I have been adrift looking for casual, spicy, light, flavorful Asian cuisine in the Mesa/Gilbert area. Tried Red Koi on a lark and bingo! Flavors and presentation are top-notch. Tried their HeartBURRRRN roll - spiciest sushi I have ever had - and amazingly delicious. We both had the spicy sticky noodle dishes - her beef and me shrimp - absolutely delicious with beautiful presentation. If you liked the now-deceased Spicy Korean at Pei Wei, you'll love this. This place rules. Go there. Now. No really.
Lol ordered a drink didn't have it.......so we got Thai ice tea.....ordered banh mi they didn't have it lol but they had no issue charging us for drinks after having literally nothing we ordered and they waited forever after the drinks to let us know they didn't have anything we ordered. And then they awkwardly try to sell us on other items that we didn't ask for lol we really wanted to love this place. Lol kind of tacky
I love Geebee's. I have eaten there a few times and have never been disappointed. I try something new every time. The food is so fresh and we have always had great service. The potato & cheese soup is the best I have ever had. It is not a very attractive business from the outside, but by the time you leave. Who the heck cares, what is inside is so incredible you forget the package.
Modernes Restaurant beim Neuen Schloss in Stuttgart mit gediegenem, aber kaltem Designer-Ambiente, das Stil hat, aber keine Gemütlichkeit ausstrahlt; beim Besuch am Abend nach der Oper und entsprechend "reifes" Publikum; gepflegt-gedämpfte Atmosphäre ohne Beschallung. Nur spärlicher Besuch abends um halb zehn. Sehr korrekter Empfang und zuvorkommende Bedienung. Die nicht sehr umfangreiche Karte ist regional-international. Wir teilten uns als Vorspeise eine riesige Suppenterrine, auf deren Umfang uns die Bedienung freundlicherweise aufmerksam machte, als wir zwei davon bestellen wollten. Als Hauptspeise bestellten wir jeweils Nudeln mit Austernpilzen und Seitlingen; statt der Austernpilze gab es aber Shitake - dennoch nicht schlecht! Dazu tranken wir Pils vom Fass.
I honestly don't know how anyone could enjoy the food here.  My boyfriend and I went on Friday night around 7, service was alright.  I knew we had to ask for condiments so after flagging a server down we were given soy sauce and hot sauce.  I asked about the ginger sauce which I could see on the table next to us and was basically told three times they don't make it until I pointed it out, at which point I was told that "probably the kitchen can't make it, we're very busy right now".  Huh?  You can't even ask?\n\nThere were a few dishes that probably would have been decent had there been a ginger sauce to go with it, particularly the one that said "ginger and scallion", because everything we ate was extremely bland.  I will happily eat food that is delicately flavoured and appreciate the subtle nuances, but this literally had none of that, no fragrance, no flavour, just oil and meat.\n\nI'm honestly baffled.
This place has the best doughnuts I have ever had!!!   I have had the maple glazed bacon and the bacon is not bacon bits, it is for real. The doughnuts are made as you order and you have to eat them with a fork. Everyone in there is like scraping the frosting off the bottom of their boxes it is that good. I've had maple bacon with sales caramel glaze, pumpkin pie, and chocolate covered with toasted coconut.  Everyone in there is so excited and pumped to get their doughnuts!  I wish they were closer to me.
I love Chinese food.  I love buffets. So when I found China Buffet close to my hotel on a recent business trip I was anxious to try. \nUpon entering I noticed the strong smell of steamed seafood which I took as a good sign however it turned to disappointment.  \n\nI started with the soups. The egg drop had a fairly thick consistency but turned out tasteless. The hot and sour was hot but not sour.  On to the seafood course. Crawfish rubbery, calamari the same and the steamed shrimp was overlooked. The fried courses of wings, fish and ribs were dry and rubbery. Next the mixed Chinese course with chicken and broccoli, noodles and fried rice all bland and soggy. \n\nUpon having to sit there clearly finished as my waitress ignored me I finally had to ask for the check. Being from out of town I thought it was a little pricey. \n\nAll in all I was unimpressed.
I really don't like McDonald's.   I know they are trying to create healthier menu items. But, it still doesn't meet the grade.
The new town square location is convenient. I came for Sunday football and met up with some friends, some of whom have children.\n\nEach game was prominently displayed. There are not only big flat screens but projector tv's as well. Plus, audio for one game was playing. \n\nThe food was typical bar food with wings, fish and chips, salads, calamari, works fries, and overloaded nachos. The portions are also fairly generous. Though there are seemingly more up scale dinners as well like steak or salmon. While I didn't try the attempts at finer food, I question the logic and quality of the ingredients of an arcade which may see someone order salmon once a week.\n\nThere's enough to keep the kids entertained so long as it's not busy. The size of the building is comparable to other chains like Dave and Buster's thanks to the bowling alley and private rooms. The designers made an oversized dining and tv watching area that doesn't fit with the number of game machines. If the dining room were packed with parents, the lines for games would be three kids deep. That is to say, there aren't enough game machines if business picks up.\n\nAs far as the bar, they do have about ten things on tap including Angry Orchard, Stella, and Sam Adams. I did find it annoying that every time is came back to the bar and the same bartender, she had to check my id. I'm a huge hipster in a hat and bright pink and blue shirt memorable enough for the bar flys to remember what team I was cheering for. I will say on behalf of a few of the girls: avoid the mixed drinks because they're poorly proportioned with too much syrup and for one mojito which was made with gin instead of rum, just wrong.\n\nI cannot speak to the bowling or the LAN/internet gaming, but the former was empty and the later seemed packed.
Keep away from this place. We came during the jazz festival. After drinks and bread were served, we waited for an hour then the waitress just found out our order was forgotten by the kitchen. Finally we missed the show and got the food including the rotten salad and dried meat.
Went visiting some relatives out here in sin city and we decided to take our little cousins somewhere fun! \n\n\nThis place is a treat! They had a great deal going where it was unlimited games for $12.99 (not including the ones that gives tickets) and that was perfect for us. Ended up getting one for each kids and set them loose. Plenty of games to play and they had this esports center that had  game consoles and tons of gaming pcs to play. \n\n\nI also would love to point out the surrounding area had plenty of food options and shops also a movie theatre! Great place to go if you want to escape the craziness of the strip!
This is simply one of my favorite spots in town. They say that consistency is the hallmark of excellence. Well I've been stuffing my face with their delicious gyros and assorted fried side dishes since high school, and I've yet to eat one that wasn't just totally fulfilling and delicious.  Actually, the hallmark of excellence is probably just making really fantastic gyros, which is a thing that Zorba's is all about. The staff is always friendly, and even at their busiest you're going to get your order quickly.\n\nMy go to order has generally been the large chicken, however you can't go wrong with the classic. You can take either and pick a size to fit your small-large appetite, and then customize it from there, which is a little different, and better, than most other gyro joints I've visited. I also prefer subbing in onion rings or fried mushrooms for fries.\nThe location is a little small, so it can get packed during the lunch hour, but even so there is usually a table open, or you can easily get your meal to go.\n\nIf you find yourself on campus and don't check this place out, you're doing yourself an enormous disservice.
Not a bad burger but not exceptional. Service was good, price was slightly expensive as in every airport restaurants. We got a 20% discount as there was a promo going on, otherwise this place is quite expensive.\n\nHad Jefferson burger (patty short rib fried egg) plus fries and milkshake.\n\nValue is 3 out of 5
Hmm, the reviews for this place seem to be all over the place. My experience was all good. \n\nStopped in for late lunch on a Sunday. We kept it pretty straightforward. I had a Charr Burger with Cheddar Cheese. It was nicely cooked to medium rare. My girlfriend opted for the Chicken Grill. Both turned out to be good choices. The garlic knot bun for the burger is unique and buttery good. The meat could have used a bit more seasoning, but still had good flavor. The truffle fries were an excellent companion piece to the whole meal.\n\nIn the end, our waiter, Gino, was kind enough to give us some extra garlic knot buns to take home. Had a sandwich on one for dinner that night.\n\nThe burger world is the crowded spot these days, but Charr does have a home in it.
A favorite every time we visit CLE!! The house made chorizo is my favorite protein for the tacos and the green goddess shell is a must try as well. While the combinations of tacos is endless the only thing i'd advise going is it to know that the menu is pretty much solely tacos. It is super casual but very good!!! Think of it almost like a food truck based in a restaurant with a full bar.
My husband and I love this little gem of a neighborhood bar. We are constantly on the hunt for best "bar burger" (so we have a lame hobby...whatever, it's fun!) and we agree that Villa Tap is one of the best bar burgers in town. Jenny St ground chuck, fresh veggies on the burgs, good bun, also they have good apps (love the cheddar broccoli bites)...all good so far. Good Bloody Mary's too. We haven't tried the fish fry yet, but it's on the to-do list. We actually went there for Valentine's Day - wanted to avoid the crowds, in the mood for a good cheeseburger, etc - had a great time. The burgers were top-notch, jukebox is great (they have a weird abundance of live Dead, which is great). The regular customers are nice and friendly also - it's not an intimidating "townie-bar" (hello, Tip Top!) but the regulars are SO nice and fun to talk to. Owner Chico is really nice, and we love that he's going out of his way to buy local ingredients and beer. He's got House of Brews on tap even! Unusual fact - the inside of the bathroom stalls are painted with chalkboard paint and have chalk available to write messages. We really don't have complaints at this point. We're excited to try their brunch soon!
I was indecisive when studying their menus. They have so so so many choices. I am not exaggerated. Definitely true. It is a great menus which overwhelmingly cause people like me indecisive or mind changing on food orders. It makes you wanna return again for other choices.  Love this part as we customers have more options.  \n\nMy Kitchen is an authentic HK style tea and food restaurant. Afternoon menu start at 230pm, small portion for noodle in soup for hungry lady like me. I really like their red bean French toast, I can only find it from here.\n\nDefinitely a wonderful addition of HK style tea house in Markham.  I love it spacious and order buttons so you don't have to wave your hand or scream out loud. :) love their French toast thick one . They did a good job and make me return 2x at least . One star lost because from my visit history their size of any afternoon tea set soup noodle is always smaller  than other regular items and the quality of ho fun can be improved. I rather spend a regular price for a decant size of noodle.  \n\nTry their French toast with red bean from the afternoon set menu, it is my favorite not overly sweet. Their Milk tea are okay. not better and worse. It is generally an acceptable cheap eat place and adequate service. The greeter from the bar is always so welcoming as soon as you walk in ( if the young man is working) :)
I love this place.   But my belly doesn't.  Lol.   The ordering can be overwhelming the first time but the end results will be well worth it!  I'm not a fan of cake donuts... But this place will make you forget that.   I can't wait to go again!  Luckily it is not in my area so I don't get to just drop by.  Lol
Absolutely, the best gyro that I have ever eaten, and I have eaten a lot of them over the years.  I miss you Zorba's!
One star. Only because that's as low as I can give. \nHibachi bar was out of steak. And when it finally got grilled, the chicken was half cooked. The buffet bar was dirty and probably about half of the dishes were empty. What was there was cold. \nNo refills on drinks. \nI left this place hungrier than I was when I walked in. \nI will not be returning here and I do not recommend it to anyone. \nThere's a clean McDonald's across the street.
I don't like Sushi so I'm surprised I like this place. Love the Las Vegas and Tootsie Roll sushi and the red shrimp appetizer, which are all delicious. The fried rice is a rip off though. They won't let you order a side of fried rice - you have to get it in an entree, which is $10. Who doesn't offer a side of fried rice? While the place has been recently updated and is very nice, there is no ambience. Service is so so.
We had my son Jakes birthday party here, a little costly but worth it. \nThe girl talking care of the party was slow, and uninterested, not very engaging with the kids, just talked to employees and texted on her cell phone.\nSharice . \nThat's the only disappointment since coming here. \n\nWe had a great bartender at the party in the bowling room. \n\nI've seen the same bartender there everytime I go. \nHe's African American with a goatie, sit in his section and order a Moscow Mule! \nI'm a connoisseur of Moscow Mules (lol) and he makes them better than Mandarin Oriental, Wynn, all the top places in Vegas who have them on their specialty menu. \nThe perfect amount of alcohol to spice, taste incredible!\n\nGreat place to let your kids run amuck while you drink at the bar and order food. \nI definitely recommend this place for birthday parties, regardless of the girl who hosted my sons party. \nLooking forward for my sons 9th
Yelpers, you should bookmark this place.  The Divine Cafe only has one happy hour and it's on Thursdays from 4-8PM.  The restaurant is separate from the Preserve so you don't need a museum or parking ticket.  \n\nThe cafe/venue itself deserves 5 stars all on its own because it is very large and can accommodate large parties, families, or intimate dates inside OR outside.  Outdoor seating would be my preference because it provides a panoramic view of Las Vegas.  You can see downtown as well as the Strip.  However, the indoors gives off a rustic vibe with doors and windows that still have access to that beautiful view.  There's also live music inside which, in my opinion, is uncommon in this city.  For all those reasons, this place is worth a visit.\n\nTheir happy hour menu is very limited, but has just enough variety.  They have their own cocktail drinks, a nice selection of bottled beers, and wine.  I was most impressed by the food portions.  We ordered nachos, calamari, and the date flatbread.  I thought they would be tapas style, and boy was I wrong.  The portions were very generous, and for the price, they're almost a steal considering the atmosphere of the restaurant.  Food was great, but my favorite was the bacon and date flatbread.\n\nGive this place a go... I doubt it will disappoint.
As a guy the ambiance is exactly what I would want. It was amazing walking in and being seated at a couch instead of a booth. They asked what sport I'd like to watch and turned on the Indians game for us which was awesome. \n\nThe food we found good but not great. I ordered the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the waitress kept trying to take it from our table before we were done. The burgers are huge and tasted great to me but my girlfriend ordered hers with items on the side. The burger came how it is normally prepared and had to ask for her sides 4 times before she got them. \n\nI'd go again but I'd be more prepared and specific on my orders.
This place is just awful. I had major food poisoning after having a tuscan chicken dish. They gave me 5 pieces of chicken - all of them had gone bad - the sauce itself tasted like it had gone bad... I was really really hungry, so I ignored my gut feeling that it tasted off... and I ended up sick the entire night. The place is also completely empty, I should have known better.
This restaurant was recommended to me by some coworkers who said it's the best chinese buffet in the gastonia/west Charlotte area.  Unfortunately after trying it out I did not agree with them.  This place is just a typical sub-par chinese buffet.  They have a decent variety of entrees to choose from (including crab legs and other random seafood including little raw octopuses) but the quality of the food wasn't great.  They also have some basic sushi rolls on the buffet but the freshness and quality was definitely questionable.  I tried a couple pieces of a california roll because I can't resist sushi, but it was pretty bad.  Dynasty buffet is good if you're looking for a cheap buffet with plenty of options, but don't expect the quality to be outstanding.
We were thrilled to see that Joe was opening Charr in Moon Valley along with Mini-Aiello's and his awesome pizza place. We were not disappointed.\n\nFrom the hostess to the bartender to our waitress to Joe himself coming to chat with us, you feel like you are a regular at a restaurant that you've been going to for years. We were seated and ordered drinks, some alcoholic and some not, and all were good. The dirty Grey Goose martini was especially good. It's nice to find a place that will make it dirty when asked, instead of skimping on the olive juice. Always a plus for us is a strong, free wi-fi connection. Just ask your server for the password.\n\nFor our appetizers, our table had the tomato bisque soup, onion rings, and the red fresno pepper poppers. The soup was very creamy and thick, and the goat cheese was a great added flavor. The poppers brought some extreme heat to the table. These aren't your wimpy Sonic jalapeno poppers. The onion cream cheese filling cut the heat a bit with a nice tang, but be warned, these things pack a punch! As to the onion rings, I won't call them a "miss", but they were just so-so after the other two great offerings.\n\nVarious burgers were ordered along with some sandwiches. Everyone loved the obviously fresh-made garlic knot buns and fresh toppings. The sauteed crimini mushrooms and carmelized onions on my steak and blue sandwich were awesome. If you are a fan of the blue cheese, ask for extra. It was a little skimpy on my sandwich for my taste.\n\nWe were offered the desserts (made by Joe) including bread pudding and an apple crumble, but we were all too full to try those. Definitely next time.
The food was great! I got the jerk chicken and the cabbage. Also the customer services was excellent. We didn't see the sign on the door said cash only and we only had debit cards when it was time to pay. The owner allowed us to take our food with us and go get cash and come back to pay.  Which was very nice.
Came here to see what the hype was about...the donuts are all cake donuts, you choose your glaze and topping on each.  They forgot one of my coconut toppings on my donut, but it was still ok. I honestly would get all pain, powdered, or just glazed next time to keep it simple.  The rest is all just extra sugar and makes the the donuts too sweet.  The best part is that they were warm.
Have to say that this isn't bad at all!! Many items and they keep it pretty fresh!! I eat Chinese buffets all over the country and this is in the top 15 of the better ones I've been in!!
Good food and I love all the dipping sauces.  Best gyro I've had on campus.  Not a huge variety of food, though.
Once you taste the donuts you'll understand the popularity of the place. This location is nestled ( truly nestled) in Dilworth neighborhood of Charlotte. The doughnuts are warm, soft and slightly 'cakey' ( it's not a word, but you get my meaning). THEN, there are several coatings and toppings you can choose . Yes, yes it's true, they do made to order donuts. So there is what makes them unique from other donut spots. They also have 12 suggested combinations they can make for you, but it's all made fresh , you can see them making them. This is definitely a must-visit place in Charlotte. They also have a location opening in Huntersville NC soon ( Spring 2017) and locations in other states. The coffee is also reasonably priced and delicious. Not a lot of seating , but still worth the visit.
I'll never buy DD or KK ever again & definitely never a store bought donut!!! This place is insanely good. I love fresh warm donuts. The price is amazing!!! First time I went I decided to buy for my coworkers so I got 2 dozen & they were gone in seconds... literally GONE lol
I want to give this a five star rating based on the games but I can't since their food is awful! I got very sick after eating their nachos. 7/11 has better nachos then here. My husband ordered the wings. They were over cooked and were frozen before being cooked. \n\nPaid $4.00 for a fountain soda! Can you say way over priced! I recommend only playing the games they have .. However they need more current ones. \nGuess I'm spoiled by Dave & Busters. These 2 don't compare!
It's not an eat~in or drive~thru place, but u can pick~up ur order(s) & of course the Delivery they're known 4. Must admit, MANY years ago we also were 1 of those who placed an online order & went 2 pick it up, only 2 b told there was no order but... they r a Drastically Improved & a Completely Reliable place now!\n\n   It makes all the difference when u hire actual 'WORKers' or perhaps it was a combin8ion of such + internet issues on their end BACK Then, being the place was fairly new. Whatever the case WAS, it's like a completely new/different place now that's back in our good graces, having earned back our business (which btw is no small feat/nearly impossible once having lost it) which in & of itself speaks volumes!!\n\n   Tend 2 do more Pick~Up than Delivery these days but either way, the front counter & behind the scenes staff & drivers have been courteous, prompt & always have our orders Correct, hot, & freshly made (can always tell). We've been REALLY impressed on more than a few occasions where it defin8ly went beyond the usual Amazing service we have been accustomed 2/come 2 expect.\n \n   Their rewards program is an Awesome concept where u gain points every time u purchase (think it's 1 point for every $5 spent) & once u accumul8 25 u get a FREE Large pizza w/ up to 3 toppings, so how kewl is that? Our fave is the Spinach Alfredo Specialty Pizza & they've just come out w/ a new Greek Pizza that we're gonna have 2 try (which we'd customize w/o meats). Pretty Good desserts 2!\n\n   Over the passing years we've used them countless Xs & they will continue 2 get our business whenever we need a quick~fix, haven't made it 2 the grocery store/don't feel like cooking when I/they get home from work, or just in the mood (as was the case just lastnight in fact) Hee~hee! Keep up the gr8 work PJ's, U've come a Long Way which Really Shows & it's Gr8ly Appreci8ed...
We have been looking for a really good Chinese buffet since we relocated to North Carolina, and we've always been disappointed...until we tried this place. It's got a very good variety, the food is very good, it's clean, and the service employees are very friendly and attentive. It's a pretty good drive from where we live in Denver, but it's worth the drive.
This place has very friendly staff, nice sitting area if you like to sit down and eat your pizza. This location also has chicken wings and sandwiches and of course salads if your a vegetarian lover. \n\nThe location is in a small very quite plaza across from Millikan mills high school so I would think during the school year this location does get very busy, but during summer evening and night seem to be quite.\n\nI highly recommend this place for great tasting pizza and plus they have many specials so it's affordable.
Great food terrible service. I have since been told the man who was so rude and even cussed at my boyfriend and myself has been fired.. hopefully he was then we may return back!
I haven't been here in a couple years since it was Wolfgang Puck's restaurant and even though it was good, it was pricey for what I wanted. I noticed this time around, it changed names and it took some convincing from my hungry boyfriend to just eat here while on our Springs Preserve date than venture off campus. That being said:\n\nWe ordered the chicken pesto pizza $10 and a burger (boyfriend never mentioned the name) $9-10 ordered medium rare. The views are beautiful and so relaxing with their floor to ceiling windows overlooking Springs Preserve and the Vegas skyline from the northwestern perspective. Food didn't take long and they brought it to the table. My pizza was definitely not just a personal size. It's good enough for two super hungry people or three people snacking. DELICIOUS. The oils from the cheese were everywhere and when you pull the slice, it had that glorious stretch of soft fresh cheese...the way pizza was meant to be. Johnny's burger was pretty good, better than I would expect. It looked like a gourmet burger with a half pound or so patty cooked medium rare with its juices still intact on a brioche bun. All the condiments you need are already on the table including hot sauces. Oh, and the fountain drinks include a dispenser of water infused with mint and sliced strawberries. With  a squeeze of lemon, it was amazingly refreshing and tasteful for the hot summer day.\n\nI was pleasantly surprised. Definitely had the midrange cafe prices but service, food, and quality was there. Good stuff.
I went here for lunch while visiting the Phoenix Art Museum, as Palette is located in the Museum. Wanting something light for lunch, I ordered a bowl of their Mexico City Style Chicken Tortilla Soup, and it was delicious. Contrary to another reviewer's experience, I didn't find the soup to be bland, although I didn't find it especially spicy either. It was tasty and I would label it as moderately spicy. The cafe itself is beautifully decorated, fittingly with a modernist theme, and the service was prompt and polite. I wish that they had a few more sandwich options on the menu and I thought that $9.00 was a little expensive for a bowl of soup, but overall I had a good experience and would return the next time I visit the Phoenix Art Museum.
One word.  Disappointed.\n\nGood looking interior, and even had some of the old tables from the original Zorbas.\n\nI ordered my food and waited to pay.  The cashier left to take orders, and the line started backing up.  The fifteen minute wait time would be forgivable if the fries weren't old, overcooked, and the portions of meat, small.  There was literally 30-40 people crammed into this place ordering food and still got bad french fries...\n\nGreen St. never really had good quality food, but there is a disturbing trend of places like Beef Stand and Sliders charging EXPENSIVE prices for college students and making subpar food.   Nero's on university charges about the same price for what I got, and their fries are fresh and hot, give you huge portions on gyro meat and have it cooked well.  The only thing I paid for was the convenience of eating on Green St.  \n\nAs a college student, and someone who works summers and breaks to pay for food during the year, I'm looking for a DEAL or at the very least, willing to pay the price for good food.  All I got was something overpriced and meh.
I recently did a pizza crawl through squirrel hill with a friend, where we hit every single one of squirrel hill's 7 pizzerias, and got a slice of pepperoni pizza at each one in a row!  Napoli's had the best pepporoni hands down, and in our opinion the 2nd best pizza over all next to mineos.  Napoli's pizza's a bit greasy, but very good over all, fast, cheap, and has the most crispy and flavorful pepperoni of any pizzeria in squirrel hill.  A must for any pepperoni lovers!
We received a $20 coupon in the mail so my family and I decided to pay a visit and try out this restaurant. I came in without much expectations but I was still quite disappointed.\n\nto start we ordered an appetizer: Crab Arancini ($10) \nthere were many reviews highly recommending it so I decided to give it a try. It was essentially deep fried crab meat risotto balls. Not only was the food not hot but i could rarely taste any crab and it just tasted like a fried rice ball to me.\n\nMy brother ordered the mushroom risotto (17.25). i couldn't believe the way it was served, worst presentation ever. it was just a splatter of risotto spread flat on a plate - if you are going to serve a dish without sides or something solid, i would suggest you putting it at least in a bowl to make it look a little nicer. in terms of taste, it lacked flavor.\n\nMy dad ordered one of the linguine specials for the day - his dish was good, served with lots of veggies and the pasta was lightly dressed.\n\nMy mom ordered the chicken alfredo fettuccini (17.75) - i thought there wasn't enough flavor in the alfredo sauce and the pasta was not soft enough - could have been cooked lightly longer.\n\nI ordered the Lobster Pancetta pizza (17.50)\ni think my dish tasted the best the entire night. i liked the thin crust and sauce, but i felt like there were too little lobster pieces. \n\nOne thing that i disliked the most was ALL the food dishes were NOT hot, just warm yet we waited quite a long time for our food.
You can make better dinner for yourself at home.  For waaaaay cheaper at that. Its such a shame that this replaced the wonderful Market Bistro that used to be there.  \nAs if it wasn't disappointing enough-things have gotten WORSE.  If poor service, mediocre food, and high prices weren't enough to ruin a restaurant, they've gone and gotten the bright idea to have live...er...music...on Saturday night.  (I use the term "music" loosely because if that is music, then everyone who can YELL lyrics to a song in an off-tune is a musician.)  So now to add insult to injury they have ruined any ambiance they may have had.  \nIf anyone is wondering why I am only just now posting my opinion of the joint it is this-I have the unfortunate circumstance of living across the street :-/   I NEED EARPLUGS!!!
Good food, good atmpsphere.  Was in henderson so asked my co worker for recomendation and he didnt steer me wrong.  Will be back if im out this way again.
came here last night for the first time. there was no wait because we came at 9:45 but I can see why it would get so packed. its quite small and cozy. the patio was so pretty at night-had lanterns everywhere which gave it a nice atmosphere. it was too cold too sit outside though so we sat inside. equally nice atmosphere with music and nice lighting. \n\nour waiter was very friendly. we started with guac (medium spice) which was one of the best ive had lately. I went on to have chicken enchiladas and beef tacos. both were yummy and had nice presentation with toppings. I found the shredded beef a bit heavy because they put a good amount of meat in there plus the tortilla is fried crispy but it was good nonetheless.\n\nI had the Mexican ice tea which I would get again-it definitely had enough tequila to keep me happy :) \n\nwill probably try to drag my boyfriend back again to try other dishes
Drinks were really good, had a great time playing the games as well! One issue. Nigga, how the fuck are you gonna let a bowling machine "snap in half"? And not tell anyone about it. We sat there for a good hour waiting for an employee to go into the bowling section, but as soon as they see the bowling machine is fucked they 180 outta here. They didn't let us know until we asked what happened. We would have asked sooner, but, again, it seems like the bowling employees are allergic to work.
The grilled salmon was divine. Its made over a wood fire and the difference was noticeable. I have the house wine (white). It was nice but i am no wine snob. For desert i had the Tartufo gelato.
I am obsessed with doughnuts.  For a while I thought Krispy Kreme was the best doughnut in the whole wide world! I was so wrong, and so naive.  I have come into the light, and duck donuts reigns supreme in my delectable desserts category!  I love the lemon icing and the maple icing.  The doughnuts are so soft and airy, it is like nothing I ever tasted.  They make the doughnuts to order so you aren't picking from a display case. They fry and dip/ice/glaze the doughnuts right there.  They are so tasty the next day, and a few days beyond, but do yourself a favor and eat a fresh one... oh emm gee, it's like heaven.
Well let's start with the servers they don't know the menu they have no idea how stuff prepared and oh they're really good at mixing up your burger so you get the well-done burger while somebody else gets your medium burger yeah not such a good place to eat I would not recommend it to anyone unless you're in a poor customer service and getting the wrong food and yeah all that good stuff
Ate at the counter (old-school  style) establishment. Large portions and excellent service headlined by smoked meats. Quick bite before a family engagement on  Saturday afternoon and they had is in and out in 45 minutes at a very reasonable price.
Long wait on a rainy day but the food was amazing. And affordable. Owner apologized for wait. Well worth the wait.
Came here for lunch on a weekday.\n\nPros:\n\n- Nice backyard patio\n- Fairly quick service (only 5 tables were seated though)\n\nCons:\n- Drinks were pricey for 150ml cups\n- Everything had wayyy too much salt in it. I assume the food was close to going bad so they salted it. We got food poisoning that night and we assume it was from the food.
In my last trip to Toronto, i decided to give Hero Certified Burger a try, since it was close to our hotel and, most importantly, they have a veggie option for my girlfriend.\n\nI went for the "Heavy Hitters" combo. The burgers are above OK and below WOW, compared to main chains (McDo, BK, Harvey's, etc.), they are definitively superior in both quality and -unfortunately- price.\n\nIf you are visiting the city on a budget and don't want to spend above $25 in a couple of combos avoid; in the other hand, if you want to eat a better-than-regular-chain burger I certainly recommend you this spot.
They have a friendly staff. We werent sure what to order the waiter gave us some recommendations and the food was delicious. The resturant is clean its not very big but nice for a date with the hubby!! Definatly a place we will come back to!!!
I usually LOVE the sandwiches from here. Today, I went for lunch and was extremely disappointed. There was only 2 people in front of me and it took 10 minutes to even get my order in. It took another 20 minutes to get my food. People who had ordered online were even waiting there for those 20 minutes as well. (Possibly even longer as they were still there when I left) I got back to my office excited to finally eat and my order was completely wrong. None of the toppings that I had ordered were on the sub. It was basically plain. There was barely any meat on there, half of what is usually on there. Very disappointed!
Awful.\n\nLousy, undermotivated service and food not worth the price. Wrong order delivered to our table and no apology or acknowledgement of the mistake. This despite delivering a crab-stuffed filet to my wife that would have killed her.\n\nThen when the actual food arrived, both steaks were the incorrect temperature, and I was served a Sirloin instead of the Ribeye I paid for, the server tried to argue with me that it was the correct piece of meat. Since it was overcooked, when the meal returned, and it actually was the correct cut, it was bland. My wife's was well done instead of the medium she ordered, but we gave up at that point.\n\nThe mashed potatoes were good, the grilled vegetables lacked seasoning and were two completely different compositions.\n\nNot going back.
Avoid this place.  The food was good, but it was the worst service I have had in the last twenty years.  The food took 40 minutes to come out, and he brought out only one plate at a time.  The waiter completely forgot one of the orders even after we repeatedly asked about it.  He also forgot one of the drinks.  At the end he tried to overcharge me on the check by more than ten dollars.
My wife and I have been enjoying sushi from this business for years, since it was Red Koi. So today my wife wanted some sushi for an early Mother's Day dinner. During the placement of soups for my family (wife, daughter and son) the waiter dropped one of the miso soups all over the table, which fell all over my son's lap (6 yr old) and all over my phone and sunglasses. He apologized and a waitress took over serving us for the rest of the night. Not expecting but as a courtesy of spilling soup on my son and phone, we didn't get compensated for a single dish. There didn't appear to be a manager on shift just late teenagers or early twenties employees with no customer service expectations towards the people who pay their salary. This is our last time at this business, best of luck.
We tried Firehouse a few weeks ago and are telling all our friends and family to check them out! The subs are SO good and the variety on their menu is much more extensive than most places. The staff is friendly and I love the atmosphere.\n\nAnother huge plus is that they are one of the few restaurants I have been to that has the Coca-Cola Freestyle machine which is AMAZING!!\n\nThe only reason I couldn't give them 5 stars is because the service is a bit slow and they have forgotten things both times we have been there for the kids meals (the fire hat and Oreo cookie). Not a huge a deal, of course :)\n\nWe will be returning very soon!
I was a bit hesitant to go to Duck Donuts after reading some of the reviews. Not because the reviews were bad, they're amazing! Rather because I am NOT a cake donut-eater. I love all the airy, fluffy, chewy goodness of yeast donuts and how you can eat a dozen and make room for one more!\n\nAll that being said...\n\nI'm a total convert. Let her eat cake! I have seen the light, and it's covered in icing and sprinkles.\n\nWhat works for Duck Donuts is the density, or lack thereof, of their cake donut. Their donuts still have that chewy mouth-feel of a yeast donut, yet are substantial enough to hold up to some crazy icings, toppings, and drizzles. And crazy they are! I ordered a donut with peanut-butter icing, chocolate sprinkles, and salted caramel drizzle. Take that Krispy Kreme! \n\nThe flavors were delicious, the coffee was hot, the service was attentive, but it was the glazed donut that really took the cake. Bliss...
The donuts were hot and delicious. Great variety to choose from and loved the customizable option!
Same owner of the China Buffet in Pineville off of Lee Street. They had really outdone themselves with the one in the University area. The interior and exterior design of this place is nice and inviting. They have a better selection here and offers a hibachis grill station. \n\nI do however feel that this place does not offer the same quality sushi as they do in Pineville, but they do however offer a BIGGER dish variety selection compare to the one in Pineville. All in all its a good place to eat at when you are in the mood for Chinese buffet.
I love coming to grab breakfast here, the food is always delicious and the service is always great. I usually will order their eggs benedict or crabcake egg benedict. Every now and then I'll venture off and do a french toast combo or something. Whatever the case may be the food is never a let down :)
Gameworks is one of the best places I have been to since moving to Vegas. Their eSports employees are all top knotch. When you go in, you're not a customer. You're a member of the team. Everyone has a blast! They host reat tournaments with beyond-fair prize support. As a former LAN-Center manager, I can tell you that this place gets a lot of things right. You can swing by and even watch some of the large tournaments. They recently hosted a Hearthstone Nats Qualifier, League of Legends LCS qualifier, and have nightly tournaments. Specifically, Veronica, Nancy, and Marlon are some of their all-stars. Their team is too fantastic to name them all, but I can not praise them enough. They have become my home away from home.\n\n11/10
Frequented this restaurant for lunch about 2 x a week, where I enjoyed their Pho soup. I went today and was charged$11.83!!!! It used to be about $8.00.....I REFUSE TO PAY ALMOST 12.00 for a bowl of soup!!! They just lost a good customer.
First thing I saw when I settled down and ordered my food was an ant... Then there was another one... And another one. Never sit beside the windows! \nI went on a Monday morning, the service was kind of slow but they only had 1 waitress and a cook. \nI ordered the big breakfast with chocolate chip banana pancakes. Honestly, there was A LOT of food, so I took home a little more than half. \nThe food was good, but who can mess up breakfast food! The home fries, I love, it's like fried potatoes with Cajun dressing! \nWhat I have to complain is the pancakes, I ordered chocolate chip banana pancakes... All I got were chocolate chips! But the food was good nonetheless. \nI would probably go back because I love their home fries and general breakfast food :) \nMinus the ants, which might be a problem... It is overall a good breakfast place to visit!
I chuckled when I saw that this place is categorized on Yelp under "Gastropubs." That's pretty generous.\n\nI went to GameWorks for a big group dinnertime outing. We didn't get any special rates, just their Dine & Play combo that's always available. For $14.99, you get one of their time cards loaded for one hour, and one of ten specially labeled items on the menu. It's also possible to do $21.99 for a two-hour card, but nobody chose that option.\n\nLike some of the others, I went with the Fish & Chips because it's normally $14.50, which is almost the price of the Dine & Play one-hour deal. I wasn't expecting much, but the cod fillets were reasonably flavorful. It's unfortunate that they seemed a little heavy rather than fluffy, and the batter wasn't as crispy as I'd hoped. I chose waffle fries for the side rather than mashed potatoes or salad, neither of which can really be called chips. The fries were decently seasoned and generally had a decent crisp and some fluffiness, but I've had better.\n\nI also sampled the GameWorks Nachos (normally $12) with steak (+$3). I suppose that the meat could be construed as "ground steak" instead of ground beef. Nothing in the dish was anything special. I even prefer the TGI Friday's nachos over this.\n\nI should note that they handled service for our rather massive table (20+ people) just fine, with constant replacement of water pitchers too, although condiments (notably ketchup for my fries) were a bit delayed.\n\nAs for the arcade, I only partook in one round of DDR Supernova 2 because I'd handed off my card to a friend while playing pool ($13/hr Sun-Thu 4pm-close, but I think they weren't too strict on the one hour). The pool tables and cues seemed decent enough, although someone noted that one of the rails seemed to be a bit dead. Anyway, from what I saw my friends play, the arcade had a nice selection of shooting games, air hockey, a crazy souped up Pac-Man inspired version of air hockey, some rhythm games, and some racing games. I've seen worse arcades for sure.\n\nI should note that all the TVs were set to the Monday Night football game, with audio available seemingly everywhere in the building. This was fun for casual fans and for vocal Cowboys fans alike. They also have a football game-day food promo that I believe was $35 for a large (16") one-topping pizza, 35 wings, a pitcher of soda (or +$5 for a pitcher of beer), and one-hour game cards at $5 per person. I also noticed that they offer $10 unlimited gaming on Thursdays 5pm-close and immediately wished that the social had taken place then. Oh well.\n\nI don't foresee myself coming back very soon, but GameWorks has some potential appeal for arcade gaming. Just don't expect too much from the food and you'll be fine.
Very disappointed with this arcade. Firstly, ALL of the employees are EXTREMELY RUDE! From the door to the exit they make you feel like the hate their job and they don't want you there. They were all young and had a bad attitude. My friend and I encountered 5-6 different employees with the same bad attitude. \n\nWe went On a Friday night. A large percentage of their games were broken so my friend and I could hardly play anything together. They had a cool picture booth but that was about it. \n\nEven on the game we managed to play together 15 minutes before it closed we had 2 different employees tell us it was closing with an attitude.\n\nI never want to go back but I have money left on my card. Hopefully they'll fix some machines and bad attitudes if I ever decide to.
So happy I could bring my dog here. Great food that's very inexpensive and great cocktails. They brought water out for my dog right away, such good service. It was nice for my boyfriend and I to eat our meals while the dog had something to eat too.
I've hunted for the best Bun Bo Hue soup all over the GTA.  I've tried other highly rated Pho restaurants including on Ossington and the joke of a place that is actually called "Bun Bo Hue".  If you like real b.b.h. come here on weekends (b.b.h. is ONLY served on weekends) and prepare for the best you've ever had.
Nice atmosphere and friendly service (although a bit slow at times). Unfortunately our biggest reason for giving red koi 3 stars is the food. The sushi was ok at best and the beef teriyaki was rubbery and flavorless. We wanted to like this place but unfortunately we wont be back.
Decided to check Gameworks on their opening day. They were giving out 2 free hour game cards with a purchase of a $12 card (54 credits) because they were experience problems, which is a nice gesture. By problems that meant that half of the games weren't working. I went to the MGM location when it was open and honestly this location doesn't even come close. There are very little games and it doesn't help that most of them were down and the area is really small. Staff is very nice though. Their systems went completely down around 9:30pm and that's when my boyfriend and I decided to leave. \n\nWhat this Gameworks has that the old one didn't is an Esports area where you can play PC games like League of Legends and World of Warcraft. I get the concept of this idea, but you can stay home and play these games and this space could've been utilized for more games. \n\nI'll give this place another chance when they've had time to straighten out their kinks.
First Time: Very tastey and clean. Yeah. Finally. Mango cake was good...Second time was a little disappointing. Haven't been back since \n\n-.-  -.-
First time here a few days ago. Had the tortilla chips with all 3 dips and pork burrito bowl. I love burritos but don't particularly like it being in the wrap. The burrito bowls were an excellent and tasty alternative. Everything was delicious and the customer service was on par. I'll definitely be back again! L
My boyfriend and I discover this little gem a few years ago, we made it our regular date night spot, but the service has gone way down, the food is still good and the prices are decent. The last time we went I mentioned to the girl at the front counter how disappointed we have been with one server in particular and she did apologize but also stated that many people complain about how rude he is to customers, yet he is still employed there. Explain that one?
This Manchu Wok has been a place I have eaten at Carrefour Laval for quite some time.  It used to be a place I quite enjoyed.  They served large portions and the quality for cheap food court Chinese food was okay.  Then I noticed the portions seemed to me to be a bit smaller.  Also you get some chunks of just fried breaded mix with sauce.  This is a technique to rip you off as you eat a few chunks of breading and they use less meat.  It's a careful mix by the restaurant and a clever cost cutter,  however I understand this practice. \n\nChoice here is fried rice or two kinds of noodles.  Then you have a choice of mixed vegetables, beef with veg, the fan favourite General Tao chicken (he must have fought with Montcalm in the Plains of Abraham!), Sweet n Sour pork, Honey garlic chicken and a few others. \n\nThe price has gone up over the years and they serve on real plates with cutlery here now but expect to pay $12-$13 with two items and drink and around $14 with three items and drink taxes in.  Sill reasonable but more expensive to similar food courts.     \n\nThe food is fairly fresh as it's a very popular restaurant= high turnover.  I just feel it's jumped the shark for me.  I'll eat it infrequently however I'll let you indulge in some GT Chicken!  Peace on brother.
Don't come to Mirage too hungry because the menu is quite lengthy to get through and you will spend 15 min end-to-end before picking something out.\n\nThey are most at home doing Italian fare so order from the pasta and pizza portions of the menu to ensure highest satisfaction.  I give them credit for offering a very generous bowl of hand-made ravioli when some other Italian resto raviolis can't cast a shadow on the dining table (ahem, Terroni).\n\nNothing wrong with the taste of most of their dishes; and certainly no complaints about serving size.  But I simply feel sometimes that more energy could go into improving the quality of ingredients, such as fresh chicken breast as opposed to frozen and pre-seasoned. \n\nOddly enough, the only food item I have seen undersized would be the appetizer bowl of soup.  It also seems to be of soup-mix calibre.  If confronted with the decision, go with the Caesar instead.  \n\nDesserts are delish - go with the Perfect Couple or a Brownie Chill - and make sure you have at least 3 other peeps to share with. \n\nI will say that Mirage lacks in finesse, it makes up for in a manager who would do anything to make the guest happy.  I have seen it myself - he really wants you to eat well, relax and enjoy the crowd.  There's potential here, if they could survive the Yonge & Eg curse at Lillian's corner.
Great concept with a sensational resulting product.  Really unique and MOST satisfactory.
Went here for lunch with work colleagues. I got the chicken enchiladas with black beans, it was exceptionally good, probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. Service was good, water glass never went empty and answered any questions etc.  Unfortunately, I didn't get to try any of the cocktails but I've heard good things so will be back in again to see if they live up to the hype.
Had a great experience at Panagio's today! Ive been here a couple times and it is also great from the friendly staff to the fresh and fast food. I had my usual Eggs and more with french toast and it was amazing! they use a special yellow halla bread hand cut every day for the french toast and it is so thick and tasty. The homefries were on point as always and i left feeling like i needed a nap cus the portions are huge. \n\nThis is definately my new regular spot, oh and the free wifi is a nice touch!
I can't recommend this place enough! Don't be deterred by it's strip mall location, this place is worth it. My family and I just finished dinner at this lovely, authentic Italian restaurant. All of us were supremely satisfied with our meals. The lasagne was the best I've had since I visited Florence. I can never finish a whole meal, but this time I cleaned my plate. Two of our party highly recommend the flavorful and filling gnocchi ninni. Before our meal, we shared the Caesar salad. It was enough to share between four of us and the dressing was fresh and delicious. After dinner, our friendly and attentive server, Danny, surprised us with two profiteroles-chocolate and coffee. Both were devoured within a couple minutes, even though we were stuffed. Seriously, make time to eat here.
The place is cool, the games are great\n\n\n the food is disgusting\n\nThe customer service poor\n\n\nIt is hands-down the worst food I've never ordered. Salty bruschetta, salty disgusting calamari, nachos with nothing on them\n\nI've never had worst food served to me on a consistent basis
This place is a fantastic little gem!\n\nThey do breakfast in a fun interesting way! We ordered the chocolate chip banana pancakes and rooster burrito. The rooster burrito was good but I found it needed a tad more flavour! Some extra sauce of some sort. Just something! So I switched with my boyfriend for his pancakes. They were amazing! Just the right amount banana and chocolate chips. Perfecto! \n\nFinal verdict? Another visit in the near future for myself! Everyone should try the chocolate chip banana pancakes! Mmm yummy.
It's dangerous this place is walking distance from Carolinas Medical Center, where I've been visiting my mom. The donuts are fresh and customized to order so be prepared to wait a bit, not only in line to order but also while they make it. The wait is worth it though. The donut is warm, chewy, and cakey, but also airy so it's not dense. The base is the same; it's the coating, toppings, and drizzle that make the donut pop. My brother had his go-to maple bacon donut. The bacon is real and generously sprinkled on top of a maple iced donut. I tried the chocolate icing with chocolate sprinkles and the salted caramel drizzle - it was very good! The combinations are endless and I can't wait to try another one soon.
Woohoo!! This is one of my favorite restaurants!! Best salmon ever!! The bar is a ton of fun and everyone seems to know each other. The food is awesome, love the sushi!! They have a sushi menu, bar menu, and dinner menu. The dinner menu has a "smaller plate" option on dinner entrees which is very affordable for what you are getting... This place is great for drinks, dinner, large groups, etc... great patio area, live music, karaoke, great drink specials, covered porch with seating options and fans. Can view Charlotte from covered porch... pretty neat!
This place is getting the 4 star upgrade! It's my new go-to place for dim sum downtown. \n\nI've been 4-5 times now and the dim sum is consistently good. Much better than Rol San. I do recommend going in the evening though. They have all day dim sum, but it's the push cart ladies if you go in the morning/brunch time. When you go in the evening everything comes fresh from the kitchen, as most of the other diners are ordering from the regular menu.\n\n(I cannot believe the review of this place saying the dim sum is from frozen dumplings...NO! I swear...it's obviously not)\n\n Some of my favourite dim sum here are:\n\n- The har gow (very thin skins, delicious)\n- The chicken and vegetable dumplings (definitely home made, lots of herbs, veggies and chicken inside)\n- The honey-lemon glazed short ribs (SO good...no fatty/gristly meat like at Rol San)\n- The pan fried chives cakes (Must try! They are 3 small round disks filled with chives and whole shrimps. Not a big pancake like you imagine)\n- Fried eggplant (very good here - stuffed with a shrimp filling, not overly greasy)\n\nPrices are reasonable, the bill usually comes to $20-$23 including tax for 6 dim sum dishes (feast for 2 people)\n\nThe service here is great, really attentive. One time I even had a guy who was fluent in English serve me but normally you get people with only passable English. \n\nThe other food looks delicious. I saw some people eating big plates of crab last night and it really reminded me of a place in San Francisco I went to, so I might have to go try that out.\n\nThey also have really nice bathrooms. And on Friday nights, they have "dancing" with a DJ and dance floor set up and Asian couples doing ballroom and line dancing, which I found quite hilarious.\n\nMy only very slight moan is that they do not have my favourite spicy chili oil sauce. You have to ask for the sauces and you get a normal dish of chili sauce, but it's not the oily one. Boo.
Ein sehr chices Café-Restaurant, aber ehrlich gesagt, es (Maultaschen) hat mir nicht geschmeckt. Möglicherweise hätte ich lieber was anderes essen sollen. Das Personal ist in Hülle & Fülle vorhanden, aber derart unkoordiniert, dass man an gut besuchten Samstagen ewig auf Bedienung wartet.
My husband and I went there for lunch on a Sunday. The food itself was  good but the service was indifferent. Many Indian restaurants bring out some complimentary papadams before even ordering. No such luck here. Pretty much the only thing that was free was the water and condiments. \n\nWe tried this out after having had good luck at a couple other Indian restaurants in the area. We will be going back to those places and not returning to Tandoori Times.
Great pho at a great price! And very quick! 'Nuff said.
The first few games we tried had broken controls so we played more of the circus games that you can win tickets to redeem for little trinkets. Those brought back memories of going to the carnival when I was little. My teenage son  decided to go the gaming section which features online computer role playing. the price at 5 per hour seemed very reasonable.  Decided to have lunch at the restaurant. It is inside of Gameworks with open walls so you hear the machines and excitment of kids and adults. There are also multiple tv screens showing various sports programs. The food was pricy for the two items choose, buffalo chicken wrap and fish and chips $25 but it was a decent portion. Just enough to feed three, not so hungry, people. \nOverall the area was nice and clean. The bathrooms were clean also.
Had the vegan burger, the patty fell apart, and that happens sometimes with veggie patties, but it also lacked flavor.  The fat fries were good but not exceptional.The husband had the margarita pizza it was nice and thin but also lacked seasoning. Next time I'll try something else, I'm not willing to give up on this place yet.
Having been a big fan of Tandoori Times when it was in Old Town, I expected the same quality at this location, and was somewhat disappointed.\n\nWe were there just after opening on a Sunday.  There was only one other table occupied, yet service was pretty poor.  Undoubtedly the kitchen was extremely slow, but the server was not much better.\n\nAs for the food, same great flavor I remember for the most part.  The chicken vindaloo should have been called potato vindaloo, however.  Very little chicken was to be found.  Also, the garlic on the naan was extremely bitter.  As the naan was slightly charred, I assume the garlic had slightly burned.  The price point on both the naan and rice seemed a little high (I believe it was $2.75 for the naan and a similar amount for a small cup of rice).  Charging for rice seems overkill here.  The entrees are not that cheap to begin with.  It's the old charging for chips & salsa debate I guess.\n\nOverall, an average meal, but I'm hoping it was an off day.  Will try again sometime.
4 and 1/2. perfect pho soup and with spicy combination on week days. The best ever fried spring roll in my life ever!!! service is quick and effective. a very very good place!! (menu is quite short, and so for once, one is not lost among the different options!!).
So sad this was such a bad experience tonight since unfortunately there is not much competition in the area. \nThe service was horrible, didn't bring waters, wasabi or ginger until we asked for it twice and halfway way through our meal.\nCharged us for everything, including a side of siracha and a side of jalepeno slices. The menu said to try the fresh wasabi with no mention of a charge and then charged $2 for a tiny side.\nWaitress didn't understand or speak English, didn't write down our order so she put it in wrong and then charged us for the wrong roll she put in? Also, she didn't understand that we wanted our $150 tab split 3 ways (50/50/50?) and put random amounts on all of our cards. \nSushi was ok. Not bad, not great. \nOverall experience was not great. \nFor the price and the customer service I will DEFINITELY not be back. I'll drive a little farther to go to another sushi restaurant in Chandler or Scottsdale.
This place is great. Been coming here for five or six years now. Never been disappointed. The service is usually on point. Sometimes I go here on my lunch breaks and other times for dinner. They do hookah on the weekends outside and belly dancing on Friday and Saturday evenings. My favorite meal is the Goa Prawn curry extra spicy, with garlic nahn. I've tried the chicken, goat, beef, and shrimp. The jasmine rice is terrific and a great compliment to your meal. The food isn't greasy and they do a great job with spices and seasoning. There are not a lot of Indian food locations in the valley, but this one is by far my favorite. The location is hidden on top of the plaza, easiest way to access it is by driving to the top level of the parking garage. You will always have great parking if you enter from this point. In fact, you should always park here because it's just easy! Check it out, great for dates or family's. The belly dancing is cool and the hookah is a relaxing occasional treat. I'll update with pictures next time I go. If you have a pallet for ethnic food or wanting to expand your horizons try this place out. A+!!!
Love the LAN gaming section of gameworks! They have all the new generation consoles plus great running PCs for all your online LAN gaming needs!  They serve drinks from the bar inside the gaming lounge which is really convenient. They also have a decent happy hour after 9pm. I usually go with my girlfriend at least once a week we really enjoy it!\n\nHaven't used the other part of gameworks at all. Seems like its way to bunched together they need to open up the dining area to more games I never see anyone using the dining room anyways. Just my thoughts!
I visited this restaurant for the first time last week.  I can say that everything we had was great!  I really liked our server, a young girl (18 or 19) who knew the menu so well and who also told us of some special dishes not yet on the menu that we could order.  We took her advice on all of her suggestions, and they were delicious!  It made dinner that much better to try new things and be pleasantly surprised.
I went to this restaurant a few nights ago with a group of six.  We tried it out because Massimo Capra is a familiar personality from cooking segments on various television shows and we liked his penchant for fresh ingredients and his flair in the kitchen. \n\nThe decor of the restaurant is beautiful, harmonious and modern.  It has a very chic, expensive feel.  \n\nThe service was very slow.  We waited almost 15 minutes for menus, and another 15 minutes for drinks (of which our server forgot half).  She was quite young and not very knowledgeable about the menu or the wine list.  She was pleasant although she seemed to be overwhelmed by the number of tables assigned to her.\n\nThe food was unremarkable for the most part.  The second star here is for the crab arancini - fried crab and risotto balls.  Fresh crab, cheesy, not greasy, with a tasty tomato garlic aioli dip.  \n\nThe Chicken Marsala was 'unremarkable', but the gorgonzola mashed potatoes were smooth and savoury.\n\nOthers in my party ordered the Chicken Garganelli which was described as 'Bland' as black pepper and salt were liberally applied.\n\nHigher praise was awarded to the Roasted Chicken Rotolo, which was described as 'pretty good', but rich.\n\nProbably won't go back for dinner, just for drinks and crab arancini at the bar!\n\naside: About the website....PDF menus are not friendly!
We were very pleased with our experience at this restaurant.  A very large menu with many choices, high quality food at a reasonable price.  We have pretty sophisticated palates and were impressed.   I will definitely be going back again.
Tandoori Times doesn't have a buffet, and I actually thought they had a buffet based on the Groupon description, but they have killer lunch specials.  They have different appetizers, entrees, and desserts everyday on a lowly discounted price of $3-6 per dish.  We were able to order all our main courses off of this menu and went on our way with a great lunch.  The restaurant has great decorations and colorful ambiance as well.
we went for lunch. their lunch bento box specials are a good value. their salad dressing was excellent and the ca rolls were yummy. good value for Japanese food which usually costs a lot more. i would definitely come here again. its close to my house and their food is delicious.
The food was delicious. \nThe service was reasonable. \nThe restaurant is cramped.\nOverall, it's a worth while experience.
The front might not be as appealing for some, but once you step inside it more than makes up for it. The interior has an aviation motif with large airplanes hanging down from the cEiling. \n\nOnce we sat down, Brandy was quick to greet us and take our drink order. They have a special going 24/7 for $1 PBR. Pabst might not be the finest beer around, but a dollar is nothing to complain about. Maybe it was the price, or the fact that they serve an ice cold draft in an ice cold pint that makes it that much more enjoyable. \n\nWhen she came back, my friend and I split the Bonnie's BBQ Burger ($7.99) and a Patty Melt ($7.99). The burger was fan-freakin-tastic. A half pound of juicy beef patty cooked to a perfect medium rare stacked with four large onion rings, BBQ sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and three strips of crispy bacon. With the sandwiches you get a choice of fries, onion rings, rice pilaf, potato salad, or some other items. It is ridiculous the variety of sides offered. There is definitely something for everyone. The Patty Melt is served on marbled rye and was good. After biting into the burger, it paled in comparison. We would have been happy with a burger each. I got an order of onion rings with it and they were well seasons, crispy and everything an onion ring should be. It is difficult to find good onion rings because they can be overcooked, doughy, or absorb all the oil. These are the best I have had in a while.\n\nSometimes, I just crave a good burger and some fried goodness. I would be willing to come here again. Especially since they have shuffleboard. Shuffleboard+Cheap Booze+Food=  An Epic Night
I try not to review "angry", but I had something happen to me at Luke's yesterday that has never happened to me before. Let me begin by saying that the food at Luke's is really good, i am a semi-regular customer. The Combo sandwich is my favorite, definitely something two people can share. \nWe went for lunch yesterday in a group of four people. The other thing you have to know about Luke's is that it gets busy and there is not a lot of tables. We happened to look at the time as we sat down and noticed the time was 12:01pm. We ate our meals, and just as the last person was finishing the owner came and took our trays. We thought that was nice he is cleaning up for us. The he came back to the table and said "if you guys are going to loiter and talk, there is tables outside. People are waiting for your table" at which point I looked around and noticed that every body was seated at that moment. I haven't been accused of loitering since I was fifteen at the mall food court!  We got up and left, looked at the time, it was 12:19pm. WE WERE THERE FOR 18 MINUTES!!! It's not like we were going to stay much longer as we had to get back to work. I will definitely not be going back to Luke's again just based on the poor attitude the owner displayed yesterday.
I eat at Pho Linh regularly.\nLikes:\n-their broth in soups\n-homemade taste, like my Dad's Pho (almost!:)\n-their vermicelli dishes are beautifully done:  authentic, with fresh, high-quality ingredients\n- spring rolls are excellent\n-fresh spring rolls (Goi Cuon) with fragrant mint and shrimps which taste like shrimps\n-rolls are ordered by number not sizes S, M or L\n-their Viet-style rice flour rolls (banh cuon)\n-their warm and humble service\n-shakes/coffee/desserts are solid\n-unpretentious decor, not trying to be sexy\n\nDislikes:\n-I'm not a fan of fresh Pho noodles\n-while it is incorrect that entrees range fr $15-25\n( i would say $8-15) it is still slightly pricier than a comparable LOOKING Viet resto in this city\n-they only take cash, no beer, and close too early\n\nGo there. Try it.\nMy favorite Vietnamese south of Bloor street.\nSee the difference btwn this and Spadina Ave.,
Food was good.....until we found hair in the peach cobbler. They felt $4 was ample compensation?
I love this place!  Every time I have a craving for Indian food this is where I go, even though I now live about 40 minutes from here!  The service is always great, and the food, oh it is wonderful!   I usually order the chicken tikka mahsala, or the chicken mahkni.  They are both SO good!  I also love their naan.  I've been to a few other indian restaraunts in the valley, al of which were claimed to be "the best indian food in phoenix"  but this truely is the best in phoenix!
**Birthday Party Review**\nWe had my sons birthday here today. I would HIGHLY recommend Gameworks as the venue for your next party. While I agree with other reviewers that the food leaves a great deal of room the improvement the party packages and service more than make up for it. My guests had a wonderful time and our host Zach was the greatest! We booked the party mostly by email with Allie and she too was a pleasure to work with. If you are looking for a party venue I highly recommend!
If you're looking for a fun, eclectic latin hot spot, this is it! Do you and your friends a favour and check this place out. The food is fresh, authentic, and has something for everyone. You'll have trouble picking just one appetizer and even more trouble deciding on a main. Their drink menu had a wide variety of margaritas, wine/sangria, and tequila-straight up. Make a reservation though because this place fills up fast. The dimly lit, yet vibrant ambience make you want to stick around for a while too.\nEnjoy!
Awesome awesome awesome. My new favorite place.  Cozy comfortable welcoming... Perfect place to work or write or for a date or  meeting someone. Love it. So many teas too!!!
This is a tiny little Mexican restaurant that opened three weeks ago. Nestled in the Annex's residential area, this place serves up what looks like some pretty authentic Mexican dishes. The food was good in a wholesome and filling way.  I had a chorizo appetizer and a burrito that has an egg on it.  The burrito entree was huge and impossible to finish. My companion had the seafood special (served with rice which we agreed to be far better than the burrito...that should say a lot as the burrito was splendid). The menu is several pages long and there are plentiful options for meat-eaters and vegetarians alike. \nThe margaritas, especially the ones made with agave nectar, were delicious. \n\nThose agave margarita pitchers are really quite smashing. The nectar makes the margarita slightly sweeter without being overwhelmingly saccharine.\n\nAll in all, a cute little place with great food and amazing margarita pitchers.
A true gem of a cafe. I've visited DC only twice and both times have been incredible. The staff is warm and genuine. The food quality is exceptional for "fast casual" and adequately priced. The view of the Strip is perfect; far away! I would eat here every day if it was closer to my home.
Went here with a group of friends a couple of weeks back and we all fell in love with it.  Double rooftop patios is a HUGE plus.  Tequila bar equals double plus.  The food was delicious and appropriately priced.  The service was awesome (Gisele was our waitstaff's name).....very observant and quick.  If you are looking for a great night out this is the place to go.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  The food was delicious and well priced for the portion size and quality.  The space was fun and loud, but not too loud.  The waitstaff was extremely friendly.  The Cadillac Margaritas were AMAZING!  Will definitely be back soon!
I came in for ramen and hot tea after having pretty rough day of blood tests at the hospital. I was immediately greeted and seated shortly after. The atmosphere is very relaxed and comforting but the staff was efficient. The ramen was delicious! The most memorable part of my dinner was definitely the service Brittany provided. I told her about my difficult day and she was so kind and went out of her way to share some of her wisdom with me. Small things like that mean the most. The world needs more compassionate people like her. I will absolutely be back and I will tell my friends about my five star experience. Thank you Brittany, you made my day brighter.
Divine Cafe is connected to the Spring Preserves, but there is no need to be a member to dine here. If you are a member you get 10% off of your meal and membership is worth it IMHO. After having a delightful lunch you can explore all the Spring Preserves has to offer!\n\nI almost always eat outside, where you have a fantastic view of the Strip. This last visit I shared the Cuban Sandwich with sweet potato tots  and  Pizza Blanca with my boyfriend. The pizza was terrific!  And my new favorite sides are the sweet potato tots. \n\nThe outdoor seating area does have heaters when it is chilly. Happy hour is on Thursdays 4pm to 8pm. They sometimes have classes on how to cook too.
Fresh, quick and delish. These were melt in  your mouth good. I went out of my way to get these donuts for my operations guys while visiting--they are from Charlotte and had never had them. They will now be customers. These are so fun--they have SO many flavors. I would recommend the pumpkin and cinnamon and sugar. The donuts come out hot, so if you are transporting far make sure to get one to eat on the way so you can enjoy the hot melt in your mouth experience. \n\nThey also offer coffee with a free re-fill--however, I did not get this so I cannot attest to if this was truck stop coffee or local coffee. There is not much seating in this place so I would plan to take them to-go. There was bar seating but it was only 5 seats (I think) and was full when I was there. \n\nFor me, this place ranks top of the donut places I have ever been to. I wish there was one in my home town.
I gladly pay the extra money to enjoy fantastic food, great atmosphere and most importantly the lack of unsupervised, uncontrolled, misbehaving children!  Just an FYI, the fries come with your burger and other sides come with the meal, so kudos to them for listening to the previous gripes and addressing them. \n\nI have been twice. I will be back again. It is a nice date spot, great dim atmosphere with some music, but you are able to carry on a conversation with ease.  And, like I noted before: lack of children.  The few I have seen were all well behaved and parentally managed.  The service was great both times, friendly, knowledgeable and attentive without hovering.\n\nGive it a try and you may discover a new jewel of an eatery!
Go during the off-hours (we went on a Thursday night at about 7:30) because after watching them prepare our box of donuts, I can see why the lines are crazy in the mornings or on the weekend. \n\nFirst thing I noticed when I walked in was there was no display case. I was fully prepared to take an cliché picture of the colorful display case and post it on Instagram (I kid, but not really). Then I realized it was because they prepare your order in-house. Someone dips your hot donuts into the icing and puts the toppings on right then and there. \n\nAbsolutely ridiculous cake-style donuts. Go. Reward yourself. Don't feel guilty about it.
Old school dim sum complete with the dim sum carts being pushed around in Chinatown!   Quite a busy place with lots of the local older Chinese enjoying their daily tea mixed in with many tourists (they really tried to explain what's in the food to non Chinese speaking patrons)!\n\nThe dim sum offered is the "typical" traditional dim sum and not a lot of the fancy (read expensive) varieties that we see in some of the more upscale dim sum places around Toronto.   \n\nFor the most part food was taste and the temperature was decent.  Food was covered with lids and the plates were all covered with a large plastic lids (that's NOT old school-that's progress!).\n\nThey have a flat price for small,medium,large for $3/ plate which is good value. \n\nThis is our go to dim sum place in Chinatown and worth a shot.
I popped into the Bluebird Cafe today on the way home from town, I had spotted it from the bus but hadn't had a chance to visit until now, and I'm glad we did.  On this occasion we only had time to takeaway, we opted for the two specials that were on offer a Pulled Pork baguette and a Chicken and Bacon with BBQ sauce Baguette, both packed full of filling and really tasty.  We also bought one of their massive cheese scones and a millionaires shortbread, again both great. The takeaway menu has a variety of sandwiches and soups so a good choice. Service was great, the staff chatted away and were really friendly, recommending to us the Tennessee Buttermilk Pancakes for our next visit! Which I can definitely say there will be!
The food is great! My boyfriend and I overindulged in delicious garlic naan, paneer tikka masala (a little too creamy for my taste), and the daily special. The wine was alright but was served way too warm. \n\nUnfortunately the service was not so pleasant. Our waitress in the beginning was less than friendly. She asked if I wanted a drink and I said, "I'm not sure yet...can..." and she walked away before I could ask for a wine menu. We tried to flag her down a few times but she kept storming past us. It wasn't busy enough to be treated this way. Finally we went to the bar and got our own menu. \n\nI was waving the menu in my face because it was gruesomely hot in the restaurant. Beads of sweat were dripping down my neck. My wine was warm. My water was warm. They cranked up the music to a point where I couldn't hear anything else going on and brought out the belly dancer. \n\nShortly after we began eating, it felt like I was on a bad acid trip. It was hot. The music was way too loud. And then, like a bad dream, a man passed out and fell on the floor. Fortunately there was a doctor there to administer care. The paramedics were called and the man was thought to have heat exhaustion. It's no wonder! It was a billion degrees in there. \n\nThe waitress was slightly nicer after that incident, but then ended up trying to get us to pay for another person's tab because she accidentally had them pay for ours. There is no sense in why she couldn't have just voided it and owned her mistake. We ended up paying $68 when we should have only paid $53. She had "discounted it" 15% but regardless we still paid $15 extra!\n\nI'm not disappointed with this restaurant, just this waitress in particular. The food is great, but go for pickup so that you don't have to deal with the experience that we had on a Saturday Night.\n\n\nUPDATE: tried this again as take out and paid $20 for a naan and tikka masala without rice. They didn't mention it didn't come with rice and I found it very off-putting as the meal we had on Saturday had rice. Also took quite a while for the order (45 min) but that's ok. It was a busy Sunday night.
Been going to this location for years, especially if raptors finally score over 100 pts and we get to claim a free slice of pizza. I come back because of the customer service, location as well as the pizza. You must be wondering why? They serve the same stuff. True. But at this location of Pizza Pizza, the crust is always crunchy and I won't feel like throwing the crust away. Service is always nice and they always serve everything hot.
I work for a long term care home nearby and we bring the residents here for dimsum every once in a while. Compared to all of the places that I go to uptown in Markham, I must say that this place has a few of the best dimsum dishes!  \n\nMy favourite dish is the pan-fried vegetable and shrimp pancake :) So much shrimp filling and so delicious! \n\nOverall, this place has a good variety of menu items and the food carts come quite frequently.
Service at Bampot has never been excellent, but when it takes 25 minutes to just get a cup to put water in, that sort of brings it down to a whole new level. \n\nMy boyfriend and I went last night, because I had a craving for their pita and hummus (they put raisins and nuts of some sort in their pita, it's delicious). While we were waiting for our food, we decided that we would like a glass of water. \n\nBampot has a tank of water at the front, and you serve yourself. Usually this works out great, but last night when we arrived, they were out of cups. So we asked our server if he could bring some out. He said sure thing... five minutes later, he still hadn't brought them out. We weren't asking for him to do anything particularly time-consuming, we just wanted a vessel to fill with water to drink. \n\nSo we asked another employee (this took awhile, because employees are almost always at the back, not out where the customers are, so we had to wait for someone to come out). She said sure thing, she'd grab some right away... again, no cups. \n\nFinally, a third employee came out (she's actually one of the co-owners of the place) and we asked her for cups. She was able to provide, for which I was thankful. \n\nNonetheless, getting a glass of water should not be a 25 minute process, and for that Bampot has lost a star.
I have the best memories with the boyfriend at gameworks. Super fun. Go on Tuesdays for double tickets!
One, the smell of fresh donuts is EVERYTHING. Seeing what you're about to eat/inhale is the absolute best. The line always moves rather quickly and my order is always 100% right. \n\nActually... writing this has made me realize I need to go back this Sunday!
I've had so many ups and downs from this pizza hut. Just like every other one, you pay for extra cheese and still get the same amount of cheese, less than any other company. It's damn near impossible to get a normal amount of cheese or more from this place. Secondly they almost ALWAYS forget the dips that I order and pay for. \n\nSo I'd say 8/10 times the pizza I get is dry, overcooked and cold, and the few other times it is decent but only slightly warm.\n\nLast Friday I put an order through the Pizza Hut app for delivery like I normally do. I got a call from the store a few minutes later saying that my house is not in their delivery range.... Note that I have been ordering from this store since I moved in 3 years ago. My place is less than 10 minutes from the store, about 3.5 miles up Mt Royal Blvd. \n\nThey eventually called back and said there was a driver coming up that way anyway and they delivered it. Mind you after this time it had been like 30 minutes out of the oven by the time it even left the shop. I told them I'd pick it up if they made a fresh one but refused. They made sure to mention any further orders through the app would not be delivered.
I came in here for belly dancing, but the hostess refused to dance for me even though I was throwing dollars like a mad man.. Seriously, she had to sweep up all the money and put it in a plastic bag. Then the sweet thang tried to give me my dollars back! I was like, no baby! That's all for you! You ain't even need all that jingle janglin on the hips swangin!\n\nFirst, a plate with naan, rice, and a fresh salad. Next, some soup. Finally my curry lamb entree was delivered. All delicious. The curry was proper, though my lamb could have been a bit less dry, but still really good. Service was prompt, and the price was right. \n\nI will be back for belly dancing night!
I would rather take my money and go to Malloys. $5.50 for a beer is a joke when I can get a pitcher for $7. Atmosphere aside the food is on the high side with burgers starting at 8.99 and going as high as $15. A dinner for 2 with beers will cost you $45-55 and you will be underwhelmed. Save your cash and go some place else. It gets 2 stars cuz like I said the "Atmosphere" is nice = sometimes there are really pretty girls there and my sons stare at their...  That aside- not worth the money right now. If they would lower prices by 10-15% then we may get a third star.
If you like authentic Pho  I highly recommend this place. It is comparable to Davang, however I do think the broth and quality of food is slightly better
The place was packed when I visited.  The staff were all friendly and the server, even though busy, was attentive to our table.  Steak 'n shake burgers & fries are always a good choice ($4 is a deal).  Their shakes are also really good.  I like that kids eat free on the weekends (dine-in only).  I'll definitely be back to this location.
Went to dinner on a Friday night for the all you can eat beer battered fish. 4 adults 1 toddler. First thing I noticed was how friendly the staff was. Seemed like they were very happy to see us. The Italian atmosphere in the dining room was fine though the heat was far too high and there were no windows. The menu was expansive and seemed to have something for everyone in a large party. The prices looked reasonable and the all you can eat fish was less expensive than the 2 piece perch dinner. All four of us ordered the all you can eat fish and I enjoyed it. Fish was good and the batter had a good crunch not soggy like some fried fish. The potato options for sides was good as well. The service was good and the cannolis were great as well. I would definitely go back again to try something a little more Italian.
Great selection. You pick your flavor of icing and toppings. And they are all fresh to order. Maple bacon and strawberry coconut was our hot mix ups. For the price can't go wrong. But you really need to eat them warm
Service good. Atmosphere good. Burgers...to die for. Shrimp Po Boy, overlooked and plain.
I guess I shouldn't expect much from McDonald's. I just wanted a quick coffee and some hashbrowns for my kids, it ended up taking at least 10 minutes. It wasn't even busy. I asked for ketchup, did I get any? No. Just a frustrating experience to have early in the morning.
Been coming here for their grilled chicken sandwich for years. \nVery authentic Italian place, the ladies even take a break and eat their own concoction. They are always nice and welcoming, I just wish they would open on Sunday.
We love this café! It's our second time here in less than 2 weeks. The atmosphere is perfect and the view over the preserve gorgeous!\nYou must try the chicken press parmigiana sandwich soo good!
So over priced for absolutely terrible food, so many better places in the valley for Indian food.
I bought a couple of Groupons for this place and was super excited to try it when I looked at the menu online.  If you are getting your food to go, I suggest ordering ahead of time for pick up.  It wasn't terribly long of a wait, but the kind of creepy guy behind the cash register made it a bit uncomfortable.  First, he wouldn't even look at the 3 of us, kept his head down the whole time, and didn't hear what we were saying and we kept having to repeat it.  While we were waiting, a couple came in and stood at the cash register for probably about 5-10 minutes, and was totally ignored by this man who was coming and going right by the register - they ended up leaving.  It was not busy, there were only 3 tables with diners at the time.  Also, I'm going to go there... he could have used a shower, a clean t-shirt, and some deodorant too.  It was no bueno when he walked past us to deliver food.  That being said... when we got back to the office, and actually ate the food, it was really good!  I'm giving it 3 stars just because of the creepy guy behind the register.  I would give it 4 1/2 to 5 stars for the wrap.  That part was fantastic!
Very disappointed with the "New and Improved" GameWorks. I do understand it is a smaller location from there last, but its so cramped in there. Usually lines for arcades that dont even work right. Over-priced. Just not a place where I would spend my day with friends.
Smells and sushi does not appear to be fresh.  Staff not friendly.  Would not recommend
My son had a great time here for his birthday last night! The girls up front were friendly and our waitress was great! Nice place for adults and kids! I didn't give it 5 stars because the games were a bit pricey! We ordered pizzas and were impressed at how good they were!
Okay, I take back everything I said in my last review.\n\nI came here last week for a quick lunch during my break at work (1 hour) and I wanted to get in and out.\n\nThe place was probably 1/4 filled on a Saturday afternoon and my boyfriend and I were seated quickly.\n\nI ordered a baked cream ham and chicken rice and a ham & egg sandwich (toasted).\nThe one thing was absolute negative service.  I'm okay with the "Asian" service i.e. efficient, quick, no effort at communication besides taking your order - that I have 0 problem with. But if I'm getting attitude while ordering for no reason then I am 100% unhappy to be there.\nWhile ordering the lady had 0 idea of what I wanted from the menu while I even pointed at the menu and I do speak fluent Cantonese.  When I told her I wanted my bread toasted for the sandwich she literally looked at me like I was insulting her and told me it would cost extra.  \nWHY DOES IT COST EXTRA TO TOAST BREAD???\nI said it was fine and I'd pay.  \nThe sandwich came with the bread untoasted & this waitress literally dropped it off and cross-countried to the other side of the resto.  She avoided my table for the rest of my meal.\nThe baked rice was 100% tasteless.  They deprived the entire dish of salt.  \nThey took half an hour to bring everything out.\n\nI am so completely unhappy with their service, the time it took to cook, and their food.
I've been to Panagio's twice & overall, it's just okay.  \n\nFood:\n- The Big Breakfast does fill you up.  It gives you a huge amount of food for your $.  \n- The Breakfast Burrito - very bland. \n\nService:\nOne of the waitress makes me question what she's doing half the time.  She doesn't come around to refill coffee - actually, she barely comes around at all.  \n\nOverall, it's a decent place if you want a large average breakfast.
My partner and I had an early dinner here today. I had heard good things about this restaurant so I really wanted to check it out. We almost walked right past it, it was so well blended in with its surroundings. I'm giving it 4 stars, however, it is a reluctant 4 as I feel like today it should have been 3, but I have to acknowledge its 5 star potential. Confused enough yet? \n\nLet me explain:\n\n- HOT SAUCE GAME IS ON POINT. There were 2 different hot sauces at our table and 2 different jars of chilli. For those who like spice, you will be in heaven! \n- The salsa appetizer with daily made tortillas was an excellent appetizer to share - although I usually prefer my salsa ingredients diced rather than blended, it was still very good.\n- We had originally ordered the ceviche but the server forgot to put in our order and we only realized once our mains were served with no sign of the ceviche - thought it would be odd to eat ceviche with our burritos so asked for salsa and tortillas instead. The salsa and tortillas was then comped for us, so we were satisfied \n- I ordered the playa burrito with ancho-braised steak - the portion was massive, could not finish it and brought some home with me. While it was delicious, it was served to me lukewarm... I hate when my food is lukewarm... I just didn't want to send it back when we already dealt with the appetizer issue. \n- The restaurant is very small - seating is a little cramped and without resos you may be given a time that you need to be finished by. \n\nDespite some errors, I do intend to go back - I have a feeling that I went on an off day and want to give this restaurant another shot. There are also many other items from the menu that I would like to douse with their hot sauces!
The food was about average 3/5 but I really liked the atmosphere and the service was excellent ! \n\nI booked about a week in advance via open table and had no problems. We were almost 30 mins late and they still had the table for us. Of course it was Sunday and it's probably busier on Saturdays. \n\nI ordered the mushroom risotto and thought it was tasty. The portion was quite decent and I ended up eating the whole thing (don't skip lunch what a bad idea). Was so full afterwards! My bff ordered the same thing but thought hers was too salty. \n\nMy hubby ordered the pizza but I think they put too little cheese. He had asked for extra cheese... imagine if he hadn't. \n\nI would recommend this place if you have a large party. It's great going to places like these w/o having to travel all the way DT or midtown. \n\nNot sure if it's offered for a limited time? But if you let them know you're a first time customer, they might offer a complimentary appetizer. When we got the bill, they had a feedback survey for us to complete online & you can also get a free appetizer at your next visit. But remember not to fill it out until you're actually going cuz it expires in 2-3 weeks.\n\nLots of parking.
Ate there Saturday night and it wasn't good at all.  The host was a complete prick and the food was greasy.  Restaurant was extremely loud and overly packed not to mention the bathrooms are dirty.\n\nWaste of time and money.
Came here for lunch during my residency interview. Has a gorgeous outdoor deck area to view the surrounding landscape. \n\nThe food is great and the restaurant is bright, spacious, and open. A very pleasant dining experience overall, and great friendly service too!
I'm not sure if it was because it was an unusually slow friday (july 4th weekend) or that they had an off day.  Our food was just alright, it was hot and cooked properly, but nothing was really that great that we wanted to ever go back.  We got the chicken marsala and the prosciutto wrapped shrimp and they were both  underwhelming.  The bruschetta we got was also just okay and nothing that I will ever crave to go back to.  The service was fine, not terrible, not amazing.  All in all this place was just very "meh", we probably won't be back.
Upon checking in on August 1, 2016, front office staff was courteous and friendly and we were given our keys within 3 minutes. \n\nAt the business club lounge, despite a 930am end of the free breakfast, and it was already 10am, a special callout to Shakira, who allowed us to help ourselves to the eggs and bacon. \n\nShe even got us plates and cutlery and even had a friendly chat. She was working hard to keep the kitchenette there clean. A great staffer and deserving of the Sheraton standard. \n\nFree parking and there's a side entrance, so you can enter the stairwell to your room -- without having to go through the lobby.
Ok where to begin, first of all I know McDonalds isnt the greatest to begin with and that is fine its not the food that is terrible here it is the entirely operation. This franchise is probably the worst thing in the entire world they have no consistent hours of operations. They advertise as 24 hours but sometimes they are open and others not at all. Just drive a little bit further to a different location or go to jack n box and save yourself the headache.
First time in a long time since I came back to Gameworks. The last time I've been here was when they had one on the strip next to M&M World.  I've seen nothing new except the bowling and they have billards.  It looked similar to Insert Coins.  Because they have a bar and gaming consoles for you to play on too.  I didn't like the new payment method where you have to get a prepaid card to swipe to play a game.  I like the old fashion pay with quarters.  I like they have an internet cafe where you can LAN party with your friends.  All in all, it's not that bad.
Very good food and great service. Went in today and they got my order wrong which isn't a big deal to me and the I decided I wanted to get a drink to go and she gave it to me on the house! Great customer service! Not to mention great food and their sushi is very good and up there in quality! I am picky about sushi and like it to be good quality.
Small tight place but the food makes it up for it, where the fish taco was AMAZINGLY and their homemade chips with salsa.
Ate here recently, and was disgusted by hairs in TWO different dishes. One longer hair was well mixed in the apple compote of the Honey Almond Brie appetizer. The appetizer included warm apple compote, brie, grapes, and lavosh. I didn't like the lavosh, and was disgusted by the lighter brown hair --which went unnoticed until after most of the appetizer was gone.  \n\nManagement removed the charge for the appetizer. Just after that was taken care of, my salad arrived with a small hair visible (saw it right as it was placed in front of me, thankfully). I told the person that delivered it to take it back immediately, that I didn't want it. He did. The charge was removed for it. They asked if I wanted something else, but I had lost my appetite. Management removed the charge for the salad, too. I think management did their best to remedy the immediate situation. I hope they can improve things for future.\n\nCompanion's pork buns and tortilla soup both received a "meh" rating. Not worth repeating.\n\nI love sitting by the windows at Palette. In the past, I have enjoyed drinks here and meals. I really don't have a desire to return here for food any time soon.\n\nI think hair nets are needed in the kitchen.
I came here with my family on a Saturday. Great place for kids and adults to have a little bit of fun. The staff was friendly and efficient. Also One of the managers Ron was very polite and even went out of his way to make sure we were taken care of. Food was good and there was a great vibe to the place. Definitely a place for all ages
so greasy it burned the fuck down ! i am sure each gyro and basket of fries i ate there each knocked 6 months off of my lifespan. All I can say is I;m still alive so I obviously didn't eat there enough
I'm a regular. I love the sushi, servers have always been kind, and love the music. The won ton soup tastes great! The green tea mochi hits the spot every time, and they're not cheat on the Thai Tea.
Great pho restaurant in the area. Soups are delicious although rare times a bit salty/oily. Overall a great menu I have been ordering (sit down and takeout although they do offer delivery) for years. Pad Thai in my opinion is one of the best in the area I absolutely cannot get enough of the sauce. Also as an appetizer try the butter chicken wings they are phenomenal. Fairly clean and friendly service never had a problem. Open until midnight is a good bonus as well.
My epic quest for the Toronto's best pho noodle house has landed me in another spot... somewhat off the beaten track from east or west chinatown. Pho Linh is a small vietnamese restaurant located at College and Dufferin; a little cluster of vietnamese shops and restaurants in the midst of the surrounding portuguese enclave. Recently renovated, Pho Linh delivers one of the better Pho's in downtown Toronto. It's money baby!\n\nBroth: lightly coloured, but sweet and rich in flavor. not overly salty, unlike other places in town. soup comes garnished with a healthy topping of scallions and cilantro always a pleasant sight to see.\n\nNoodles: slightly wider but I think it's because these are actually fresh rice noodles instead of the typical rice sticks used-they taste uberly fresh too. the only FRESH noodles I've come across amongst the pho joints downtown!\n\nHerb plate: saw and basil on hand; definite plus and lime wedge. more places should offer saw though not a dealbreaker for me so long as the broth is on point\n\nBeef: My only beef is with the beef BUT  only because it is not as paper thin as I like my beef to be, good quality eye of round used.\n\nI have also tried their banh cuon - unique vientnamese rice flour crepes filled with wood ear mushrooms and ground pork topped with fried shallots, cilantro and bean sprouts served with a side of fish sauce and vietnamese sausage. Delish! The thin, delicate rice flour sheets add a melt in your mouth contrast to the savory filling and the fried shallots provide a pleasant pop on top. \n\nThe rest of the menu is extensive-bun, broken rice and specialty soups are available as well and the prices are in keeping with most vietnamese joints around town. But man! I think I have another winner for pho in Toronto! At least this is a pho worth enduring the slow service of the 506 streetcar for.
Stopped in on a Thursday to try the ramen and wasn't disappointed!! I ordered it vegan and was very happy that they were happy too accommodate. A lot of places act like vegan is a foreign cuisine or, lie.\nThe drinks were good and the bartender was very sweet and friendly! Will return!
This place is great. Easy to get seated and the food was delicious! On top of that the service was excellent! I recommend the fettuccine alfredo and insalata Italia. Molto bene!
Dont be fooled by the enticing Instagram pictures. I regularly go out for brunch and thought of giving this place a try. The place was rather small and kind of shabby looking. The food was below average - the waffles were okay. The coffee was not good and watered down. The service was ok - i wasn't a fan of being served by the same guy cooking my breakfast and. Seeing the dirty apron on him and smelling all sorts of food when he would walk by was not pleasant. I wouldn't go back again.
2 Star rating on average? Seems about right.\nI've been to the old gameworks on the strip, which was pretty old and dank, but was two stories.\nI don't see them having enough business to pay for the strip's rent, so I understand.\n\nMoving to the Town Square is a great move.\n\n\nPros: \n\n- Love that they were open until midnight. Went to a movie at 10:45 and wanted to kill time before.\n-It was pretty fun \n-The prizes really are better than most places (keep in mind, most prizes are for kids, and kids love these weird prizes)\n-Bowling looked pretty cool, didn't see prices though\n\nNew ticket system could be seen as pro or con.\nAll tickets go back on the card\n\nCons:\n\n-NOTHING FREAKING WORKS. I mean seriously. You just opened.\nThere is about 7 basketball games, only two worked.\n-Operator didn't work (wish I could play that)\n-2 wheel spinning games didn't work\n-Spaceballs worked and then would flash out of order, then work again.\n-Tetris style game didn't work\n-A couple of games ate our game card points and didn't work\n-A few more games didn't work.\n\nA total of about 1/3 of the games didn't work which is pretty lame since it is really busy in there.\n\n-It definitely should be bigger with more games.\n-The gameperks doesn't work here because "their system isn't synced"\n-They are very very slow. Workers took a long time to load points on the cards, one time was out of printer paper and wouldn't let people buy cards for about 20 minutes.\n-VIP members have different credit pricing but we can't get the VIP member pricing?\n\nWe spent quite a bit of money here for a birthday.\nAbout $130 and got about 8,000 tickets (which are all kept on the card)\nUsed 3200 for a giant lego pillow (cooler prizes than most places)\nDon't know if we will be back
Wir wurden sehr freundlich empfangen und bekamen einen schönen Tisch am Fenster, die Aussicht in den Park und auf den kleinen See ist toll. Obwohl das Lokal gut gefüllt war, war der Service schnell und angenehm entspannt und freundlich. Die Karte bietet interessante regionale, aber auch internationale Gerichte. Das Essen war prima, alles hat geschmeckt und die Portionen waren gut. Wir kommen gerne wieder ins Plenum.
Review is for dinner... which was served family style.....  Service was efficient.... All dishes were decent,  from the soup,  vegetable,  crabclaw dish, whole fish, shrimp, etc......One guest in our party order a orange beef, which surprisedly I don't know what it was....   There was no hint of orange flavor or orange peel in it whatso ever..... Maybe they don't know how to make or ordered something else...   Otherwise,  meal was decent.
Closer than we had thought, my boyfriend and I had difficulty finding the place: what used to be Don Taco was now a currency exchange. Looking around, we noticed the adjacent dessert restaurant had displayed the Don Taco menu on its window and that's when we realized they must have been conjoined? Confused, we looked at the menu: it seems promising. And it was a Tuesday, so there was a deal on tacos ($1 tacos). We went in.\nThe place didn't feel at all like a Mexican restaurant since, after all, it was in a dessert shop. We felt a little out of place when we sat down, with the bright pink juxtaposing the black and white furniture. The couches and chairs were comfortable, though. \nI ordered 4 tacos, which were their generic taco formula of ground beef, potatoes, lettuce, and cheese. My boyfriend had one taco and a picadillo burrito. \nThe food was served promptly and warmly, fresh and promising. The tacos looked like tacos, and the burrito was wrapped in tin foil. I took a bite out of my taco and received mixed feelings: while the shell was weak in its rigidity and almost wet (lacking adequate crunch and satisfaction), the taco filling was delicious. The ground beef had  the right amount of flavor that was balanced by the lettuce and cheese. The potatoes added an additional surprise and savoriness to the overall taco, making up for the taco shell. My boyfriend's picadillo burrito though was absolutely scrumptious. If we go back, I'm definitely getting one of their burritos.
Yesssss!!! These donuts are sooo good! My favorite has to be the maple glaze with real bacon. Each donut had a crunch to it and inside is soft and moist..amazing!
Let me start by saying, this was my first dim sum experience.  Based on my expectations and research, this was the real deal! We arrived 40 minutes before closing so the restaurant was not busy. Just a few tables were in use.  After showing the waiter our choices and telling him we were dim sum virgins, he added one more dish to our choices and proceeded with the meal.  \n\nThe BBQ pork bun was amazing...tender, steaming and delicious!  The steamed special dumplings with peanuts and the shrimp/chive fried dumplings were both notable as well. I have never had anything like the soft egg custard and it had mixed reviews at the table.  I thought it was unique and the subtle sweetness was excellent.  The Mango pudding was to die for and the short ribs were also good.  Chicken noodle soup was a must have for my kids and we all ended up dipping our chopsticks in to the bowl! Overall, the staff was very patient with us, both for arriving not long before closing and for asking questions about the food.  I would definitely go back to try more dim sum and other dishes from the other menu.
This place is always clean and the staff is super friendly!  We have been here now 5-6 times and the food is always on point, we have not tried everything yet as I can't seem to get past the Pho and Bun's to try other items on the menu.  If you are craving some Pho, then you need to head here and give it a try, I dont think you will be disappointed.
Good food, great service, fantastic view at a just-right price. We'll go back again.
Meh. Nice place and the waitress was very pleasant. No reservations so we sat at the bar. \nBruschetta appetizer was very good , flavourful and presented nicely. \nMy wife was deciding between a chicken picatta and pizza. Waitress recommended the Picatta- a house specialty!\nNot impressed at all. Less than mediocre. Could barely taste the lemon and was very bland. The green pasta that came with it didnt have any sauce. My wife's homemade Picatta is way better and we're not even Italian!!! \nI had the beef short rib. It was tender and pretty good but nothing special. \nThe manager was very nice and came by and spoke with us. The decor and staff were great but the food just wasn't up to par. Too many other Italian restaurants in the GTA to settle on this place. They need a new chef. Everything else is there, just not the food.
I don't know why lots of reviews indicate that the service is bad here, but actually I received pretty service every time I came here :0(because I can speak Cantonese?) food here is okay, but it is a good place to eat cuz i can have many choices here!
LOVE the Springs Preserve and have always enjoyed the food, but today was BAAADDD! \n\nI took friends from out of town. Wanted them to have a locals, "non-Vegas" experience. They loved the place.  We all ordered the "breakfast taco" from the Sunday brunch menu. Turned out to be 3 little tacos which would've been fine, but they were COLD. The little corn tortillas were tough and chewy. There was almost no egg, but there was a long strip of bacon (cold) in each one, hanging out the ends. Terrible presentation. There was something that we decided was cheese melted onto the little tortilla. It had a slice of avocado and supposedly sour cream. The whole thing was very skimpy. I was embarrassed. My friends kept assuring me it was fine, but it was not. \n\nI have been to the SP many times and have always loved taking people there. I will think twice, though, about doing it again.\n\nI would like someone from the Divine Cafe to reply to this and let us know what happened. Was the chef not working this day? Was this a new offering for you and you didn't really have it together? What? Please tell us this was a one-time goof-up and not what you will be serving  for other Sunday brunches.
It was okay... First off, this place is in a strip mall - not the kind of place you expect to be asked "do you have reservations?" I think there is a little mismatch here. The decor is smart and clean, if a little bland. It screams "American Bistro" in a cookie-cutter manner. The good things? They have a raw bar and do oyster shots (which I found reasonably priced, too)! Their bar is denfinitely well-stocked and they have a select list of wines and local/ micro-brew beers and ales (San Tan Ale was my choice that evening and it didn't disappoint), the shots were served cold (Patron) with lime, but no one remembered the salt until it was requested (quibble if you will, but I do like salt and lime with most commercial tequila). The quality of the ingredients of the food is quite good, too. Now the bad part: It took over 35 minutes for my order to come out (a burger and fries, an oyseter shot) and when one of the people at the table asked for HER check (not "the check"), we got everyone's tab on it! WHat a nightmare. The server, who had been inattentive or disorganized all night never got better (hint: you will improve your tips if you don't call the men "buddy" and "bro" and if you don't call the women "sweetie." Frankly, "Sir" and "Ma'am" work really well). And the burger was NOT rare, but to be fair, you really can't get a patty that thin to be rare and warm. Oh, and "truffle fries?" Meh. Truffle oil doesn't impress me, but the texture was right, not overcooked or undercooked with a nice crisp outside. The beef was tasty, but the patty surprisingly thin, even for a $10.00 burger.\nI'll go back, but I won't be in any hurry if I do and I'll ask for a different waitstaff if I get the same waiter. All in all, it seems like some of the staff could use a little more training in cadence and attentiveness but the food was pretty good.\nOh, and lastly, the bathrooms in a place that is trying to be upscale should be in good repair - broken tp holders and a large unpainted patch job isn't consistent with the image this restaurant wants to project.
Completely garbage in terms of their grilled meat items,  texture and wellness of meat subpar at best.  Seasoning was overly salty. Waiting staff inexperinced; incapable of not spilling wine while performing bottle service. Lack of efficiency and attentiveness to dirty utensils requiring replacement. Will not return.  Will definetely recommend others to stay away.
Good food, decent ambience. My husband and I were here for dinner on a holiday weekend. Service was quick. But not sure it's value for money ... \n\nWe normally order just one portion of curry at other Indian restaurants, and did the same here. The waiter agreed it would be sufficient ... but it wasn't! There was hardly five spoons of curry in each serving! And naans were small too. So we had to order another portion of both, which ofcourse sends the final bill up the roof! \n\nThough we liked the food and the place in general, our only reason to not make another visit with be price ... more specifically, portion sizes versus price.
Love the pho here. Went a last week and it hit the spot. Grabbed it to go so can't really comment on the service but the what I got was very  impressive.
By far my favorite barrio location. My server Angela was absolutely amazing and attentive. I got the curd ferguson and it was delicious. The margs were the right amount of sweet and tequila. I even caught a little buzz! Can't wait to return back and sit on the patio this time!
Was hoping for the time of my life... ended up being a waste of time.  \n\nTook my girlfriend here for a nice fun Friday night out and found out this place is a joke of a restaurant.  I am only giving Tandoori Times 1 star because the belly dancer was entertaining and Yelp won't allow me to give it zero stars.\n\nThe Naan was extremely burnt and was so hard it would make a better Frisbee than any type of nourishment.  The chicken tika masala was the worst I've ever encountered and I didn't even bag the leftover chicken to feed my dog.  The service was slightly better than the food but with such low standards that's not saying much.  I don't think I would even consider coming back if the owner paid me to.
Their gnocchi is absolutely delicious! Their desserts aren't bad at all... But not the best Italian pastries out there.
I loved the food and drinks! But was a little disappointed about a few things. First off, I made a reservation a week ago just for two people. When we got there, the patio was full (no surprise there) and then there was a short line up inside. When I told the hostess I had a reservation she said she has two spots at the bar for us. I was a little shocked because why in the world would you put a reservation at two tiny spots at the bar? I asked if there were any other tables and she just said no. Fine, we ate our food and drinks at this tiny spot at the bar squished with other people. Thank god the bartender was amazing and friendly. then when we ordered a pitcher, we wanted to finish our drinks on the patio. I asked the hostess if there were any tables and she said no but when something opens up she will let us know. finally she told me we got a table outside. when i went she said oh it was raining so a few tables are wet...do you still want to sit here. I was like uhhh what. then she said she can get us a table inside. Seriously, i just wanted to finish our drinks outside without all the confusion. the hostess made us pay our tab and when i got outside there wasnt actually a table. beside this horrible experience with clearly an unexperienced hostess, the food and atmosphere was great. Will definitely try the other locations!
Very good customer service, taste real Mexican food one of the best Mexican restaurants in Toronto.
This is in the same chain of restaurants as Turtle Jacks nearby. However, it is much more upscale and fancy, looks very nice and is a pretty good dinner date location. Service was attentive.\n\nThe food was good on both my visits. Desserts were delish too. Not sure about the authentic-ness of the Italian food served, but I do know it was yummy.\n\nUnless it was outstanding, I usually wouldnt give chain restaurants 5 stars. Would come back when craving italian nearby and wanting a fancier atmosphere for special-er occasions.
Honestly, I come here more for normal food rather than brunch. Unless you consider spicy chicken poutine to be brunch? They also have fluffy blueberry chocolate chip pancakes that are just delightful.\n\nA cheaper than your average brunch place (think Coras, Eggsmart, Sunset Grill...) and located in a sketchier than normal area. But no worries. The food will guard you and your stomach.\n\nCan't compare with the best in the GTA, but very good joint in East Scarborough.
GameWorks is still the same GameWorks that was on the Strip. The prices are high, the games race car and shooter centric. The kids had a blast running around and playing the games. The Pac-Man air hockey was definitely the crowd favorite though. A mix between hungry hungry hippos and air hockey made for a hectic scavenging mess. It might lead to someone getting a face full of pucks, but it is always worth it to crush your rivals. The fighter jet game in a pod was also quite fun. Otherwise, I tend to go back to the tennis game. \n\nBesides the central room; there is a bowling alley, gamer room with computers and gaming systems. I didn't eat, but their drinks are really reasonable. To get a Hendricks and soda or a Bulleit and ginger beer was $16. Maybe I am so used to paying Strip prices, but it just doesn't sound too bad.
Three Iconic pizza places in the same block.  Napoli's is hands down the best.  The other two beat any chain hands down, but Napoli's is tops.  We had about 15 people over the to the house and had a blind taste test.  Locals, a couple of southerns, some Swedes, a Venezuelan.  Napoli's pepperoni beat the other two hands down.  Better than most NYC joints and ALL Chicago pizzerias.
Highly recommend for Picky eaters. They offer something for everyone. The cafe is so cute too! Perfect to take away or stay if there's an open table. Prices are fair as well
Great mexican place! I've been there a few times, loved it each time. Very good tacos. A bit greasy, but well it's Mexican :)\n\nI live right in the area and i'll definitely go back more often during the summer!
If you want really good mexican food paired with some fine tequila, then this is the spot. It gets pretty busy here and it is a good idea to make a reservation. The restaurant itself is pretty small so there is limited seating available. I went on a date here in the summer and we got to sit on the patio.  We tried the flautas, the crispy chicken tinga tacos, and the tacos de pescado. They have an impressive tequila menu, there's even a $100 shot.    Of course I didn't try that one but I had a few of the others that ranged between $10 and $15 per shot. Overall everything was excellent and I can't wait to go back again.
I finally accompanied my Sister and her Boyfriend to Panagio's, with our Mom, for a late Thursday Brunch. They are frequent diners here, and kept telling me that I have to try it so finally we had our golden opportunity. \n\nWe arrived around 2 and they close at 3 so we were the only diners there with one server. With lots of great menu options it took us all 5-10 minutes to decide what we wanted to order. \n\nMy sister's boyfriend went with his usual favourite, the Breakfast Burrito because he loves their salsa verde. My mom ordered Carlito's way and also said the salsa verde was really good, but everything else was fine. My sister ordered the Califonia Burger and said it was good. I ordered Panagio's Western Holiday and enjoyed it since it is very similar to the Western Crepomelette at Cora's which is my favourite thing on their menu. Just swap a crepe for a tortilla and there's the difference. The stand out item here is their homefries, which are seasoned and cooked perfectly! The five stars in this review come from their home fries and extensive menu. \n\nI will definitely return to try more of what Panagio's has to offer. As their website says, "We won't Disappoint."
My go to authentic pho place. \n\nI usually like going to restaurants which are the closest to the authentic taste and Pho Linh never disappoints!!
Love love love this place! Best pho, great service. Also love the spring rolls.
Ordered the Pho Chay (vegan with tofu, rice noodles and veges). Absolutely delicious!! Everything tasted fresh and the service was perfect!  Highly recommended :)
A great pizza tonight. I used to only eat slices here but tonight I had my two boys with me so we ordered a small pizza with cheese. It was awesome. Not too much cheese, crisp crust. Cooked just right. The guy behind the counter checked on us a few times. Service was great. Definitely going back.
I have been to Olive Garden countless times growing up. I've only been a handful of times in the past few years & usually it's for the soup, salad & breadsticks lunch. Yesterday was no different & that's exactly what my mom & I ordered. For our soup choice we went with minestrone. Their soup, salad & breadsticks are always consistently the same. The minestrone was good & had plenty of beans & veggies. Their salad is ok, I wish it had romaine & spinach, as opposed to all that iceberg, but I do like their dressing & croutons. The breadsticks are delicious but so fattening! I was good & only had 1, I could easily eat 5 or 6 of them. We also split the calamari. It was actually really good, lightly breaded & not at all greasy. Came with marinara & a parmesan-peppercorn sauce, both were yummy. Oh & I ordered the peach-raspberry iced tea, man was it sweet! Now don't get me wrong I LOVE sugar but this was definitely overkill. Total for our lunch was about $30.
Value for money - and its not expensive, with top rate quality food - their lunch time menu sets the standard for the rest to follow - Go On - try it, 100% satisfied
I've been on the hunt for a traditional Italian spot in the Henderson area for quite some time. What I have mostly found is disappointed and terrible food, until today when I found Trattoria Italia.\n\nWhen you pull up it looks like a extremely small store in a strip mall. I was expecting 5 tables and a counter. When entering you're presented with two dining rooms which could easily seat 70 people. The place looks rustic and very much what you find in Italy. There are quite a few family size tables and the decor makes you feel at home. Sinatra was on the radio and the staff treats you like family. There were wine racks in the dining room as well as a wooden shelf with various items like olives, olive oil, canned tomatoes, pasta, etc. The lighting was dark but it fit the mood.\n \nI found through speaking to the owner that it is family owned and they are from Sicily. Both him and the chef had a very thick accent and they were very humble. As guests entered I noticed that they were conversing in Italian with the owner. This place really seems like the local Italian spot in Henderson.\n\nAs for the food: I have finally found an Italian restaurant that doesn't over cooked pasta and freeze meatballs. The food is obviously fresh and the chefs puts his heart into the food.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to friends.
This is absolutely some of the best food that I've eaten in a very long time.  I go to D'Lish Cafe at least once a week (buy 7 and get the 8th free is a plus).  The owner is a lovely woman that takes owning a cafe seriously.  The staff is very friendly and the decor is precious!  My fave food from here is the garlic style sweet potato fries.  They're irresistible!  I could eat the whole order by myself, but don't want to look like a jerk, so I share.  I have never had anything here that was bad.  I love that it's organic, too.  Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful place to eat.
Thoroughly average, if not below average.  Our burgers were fine, edible.  Fries are tasty, but I think they give you way too many, such that the fries spill on to the table, which is gross.  Why gross?  because this restaurant is just SHABBY.  It feels like nobody has any pride in this place. Our table was dusty and dirty, our booth was dusty, our apps plates were greasy...  Sad. \nService was fine. Food was fine. I thought the fried pickle chips were the best part of the meal, actually.  Overpriced, though.  \nI waited a very long time to try this place, and I have no plans on going back. Too bad, because I'm a fan of both of the other two Aiello restaurants in the same building.
We came for pho soup, very happy we did, greeted by a friendly host. The place is very clean, the food excellent, the soup I order had 6 big shrimps, was very flavorful and only $6.95.
I thought this place was not that good for Indian food. \nThe place was not that clean. Overall I have had much better Pakistani/Indian food and wouldn't really recommend this place to anyone who would want very good food.
Place was great, weekly visitor. \n\nLooks closed now. Nothing left in the building? Any updates?
The food is sooooo good here! The wings are amazing, everything is so delicious. The best Indian cuisine in the valley! Lunch specials are great too. I would give them 5 stars but the bathroom is so unbearable that it needs attention.
First & last time eating here! Service was absolutely horrible. Food took forever because staff was messing around. We were the only ones in the restaurant.\n\nMake sure you check your order! We got the food to go and every sandwich was wrong and didn't have the condiments we ask for. Place is a joke.
Since everyone in my family digs Tandoori Times, I've wandered in for eight or nine earlybird dinners and, honestly, I'm a little underwhelmed.  Definitely not bad or awful, but maybe if I sandwiched a later supper  between undulating bare bellied vixens and a couple of Kingfishers, I'd stumble out with a hazier (and happier ) overall impression.  \n\nNothing I've ever eaten here was truly bad enough to take back - or savory enough to inspire a return visit. Portions tend to be small and sauces are, by and large, mild and rather one dimensional.  Other than the garlic naan, I cant  remember a dish smelling really awesome as it wafted by, which is a shame considering Indian cuisine is among the world's most aromatic.   \n\nI was eager to share yesterday's lamb boti kabob, as the portion was good sized - about 15-20 small cubes of lamb (not mega kabob sized cubes, but a very respectable portion for $10-11), on the usual tandoori bed of onions and peppers.  The lamb exterior was nice & crusty, but the inside wasnt moist and tender like you'd expect from tandoori - instead it was hard, chewy and disappointing.  Companion's entree was 3 tiny vegetable fritters or dumplings buried in a thick sauce, that looked more like an appetizer.  Chicken dishes are generally better - the tandoori version is good, and similar to most Indian joints.  I recommend the three hot relishes (red sauce, green puree, and pickled peppers) provided tableside, as house preparations, at least in my experience, tend to be mild. \n\nServers are generally Anglo, pleasant and competent during the meal, but just about every time we walk in for dinner at 5 or 5:30, the entire operation seems almost startled by our presence. Nobody's overtly rude, but instead of a really warm welcome, you kind of get four or five employees hanging out at the bar staring at you, as if mentally choosing straws to see who has to deal with the first dinner customer of the evening. It's not oppressive, but it's happened more than once and I'm not crazy about the vibe.  \n\nI do like the complimentary, self serve chai tea and open kitchen, providing an opportunity to stretch one's legs and socialize a bit. Nice touches.   The menu is extensive, all told about sixty items, and reasonably priced for Indian food. Indian textiles, jewelry and artwork is often on display, for sale, and the house music is too loud if you have the misfortune to be seated under a ceiling speaker. It got turned down, eventually, but any restaurant with a few years under it's belt ought to understand customary American tolerances better than that.  \n\nThe atmosphere is up and down. Food's OK. Service is OK. Ask my family and they'll each give it four or five stars. In my book, Tandoori Times is just OK.
I really like the food here.  It costs a bit more than other asian restaurants that offer similar higher end western food,  but the cakes at this place are awesome.  I usually like to pick up birthday cakes here because they are that good!
Nothing was left on the table by the time we had finished. Leaning back in his chair, my husband said,"That was everything I wanted." My response was, "That's what she said". Seriously though, we will return weekly. Really great Pho. Excellent spring rolls with a peanut sauce I've never tasted before. Thai Tea balanced the salt of the Pho. It was perfect and we will return to try everything on the menu. Thank you for bringing this goodness into our neighborhood. So happy about that! Pho Noodles!
It's an authentic vietnamese place. the staff is pretty friendly, but also leaves you to do your own thing.\ni had the vermecelli noodles with pork and spring roll. the spring roll was quite good, lots of stuff inside. the pork was a bit burnt, but overall quite good.\ntried a bit of the special pho, the noodles tasted quite good too.\ni'd say it's not that much better than other phos, it's not any cheaper or anything, but just a nice family place to go to when you want some pho.\n\ni really like having the iced tea they have during summer.\n\none thing i wish they had was a grilled chicken with spring roll, or grilled chicken to begin with. they have fried chicken, might be pan fried but not sure. perhaps try it next time.
Absolutely loved this place! \n\nMy mom and I had the warm brie appetizer, she had the tacos and I had the cuban sandwich! Everything was amazingggggg! I can't stress that enough! \n\nAnd the staff: AMAZING and super, super friendly. They were timely, on point and just awesome! I loved the prickly pear lemonade! OMG! I need to smuggle prickly pear lemonade into CA with me :P Lol! \n\nThank you guys for the wine & tequila! It made for a fun art romp! :D \n\nDefinitely will be back!
This place rocks!!! They use black Angus beef, have turkey burgers that are huge, and a black bean based veggie burger too. Gluten free buns are an option. You can have fries with white truffle oil or homemade mac-n-cheese. A side salad or sweet potato fries are a buck more, and homemade onion rings are a couple of bucks more, but are yummy. They have two slider options for appetizers where the garlic knot bun's are homemade. The chili wings are tasty. They have great portion salad options in case a burger is not what your wanting. The shakes are a great compliment. They have a few desserts. I had the warmed brownie with vanilla bean ice cream, whipped cream and more chocolate syrup on top. Did I mention they have a full bar, and many craft beers on tap. So many choices I did not list.
Everything here is pretty much amazing. You cant go wrong with anything on the menu. \n\nTacos are by far their best dishes, everything else is still delicious, but their Tacos are by far their claim to fame.  \n\nDon't show up unless you have a reservation though, because there is a standard 1-2 hour minimum wait period if you just show up.
Revised review... \nSo sad to write this, as this has been our place for so long. I'm not sure what's going on at the restaurant there but things have definitely changed. The past few times we've been there it's taking an extremely long time to get our food. And we're not talking peak times we're talking just on a regular day where there aren't that many people and there's a 20-plus minute wait just to get a couple of entrees. This last time we went kind of did it for me. I got the fish tacos after waiting a really long time again, we ate... it wasn't til the last taco that I realized there was a thick black piece of hair in there. I brought it to the servers attention... they all stood there talked about it looked at it didn't say a word to me so we just left. As much as I love this place I don't really want to go back after that. They don't seem to care and that was just damn nasty. We eat out a lot and this was one of our regular spots. I'm kind of bummed.\n\nOld review...\nLove this place. One of our secret "locals" spots. It's a cafe set up so nothing fancy but clean and comfy. The food is actually pretty damn good. Better than average lunch places. Prices are about what you'd pay for a meal deal at some nasty fast food place $8 to $9. Big portions and pretty presentation. Fountian drinks and some infused waters and different flavored teas available for refreshments.\nIt's a little hot during the summer but view is awesome. You can see the whole valley from the balcony. Highly recommend for businesses lunches or a quick meal out. Wish they were open longer but think they close at 3pm. Would be cool if they served dinner.
Around the world reviewing Pho. \n\nMmmmm basic pho. \n\nThis is one of the better reviewed and favorite spots in the city. It doesn't even compare to the best pho I've tried worldwide Tien Tanh, but their broth does have a unique, worth trying quality to it.\n\nTheir specialty I would say is things other than their pho, like special soups of the day and other things you won't see on most menus.
I had their subs for the first time recently. Quality is so much better than a subway or port of subs...or Jimmy John's which I won't eat since the founder poaches elephants.
Closer to a 4.5/5. Here's a breakdown:\n\n-Homemade guac and chips: Excellent, love that you can vary the heat-level. \n-Corn on the cob: Heavenly, slathered with cheese, onions, and lime juice.\n-Chicken wings: Not too greasy, good amount of spice.\n-Lobster tacos: Amazing. Lobster was soft and succulent. The guac that came with it also tasted incredibly fresh. \n-Baja fish tacos (battered): I'd say overall they were tasty and fresh, but nothing out of this world. I like how they didn't over-batter the fish. \n-Dave's margarita. Maybe a little too much ice, but still went down smoothly. \n\nThe space is a bit cramped, so it's probaly not the best option for an intimate one-on-one. Music can be a bit loud. On the plus side, our server was friendly and very attentive. And considering all the food we ordered, the bill at the end of the night was also pretty reasonable.
It's all about that lunch menu price tho.  Dynasty is a Gastonia Staple.  You know what you're getting into before you even walk in.  Is it the top level fusion asian palace on the east coast?  No, and i'm not looking for that.  But for 5 bucks during lunch, (this price may have changed) I am walking in hungry and leaving happy and faded on that pleasant yet slightly paranoia inducing cloud of monosodium glutamate.  Knowing that unlike most aspects of society I got exactly what I paid for...dinner time pricing is a different story.
This place is heaven for the lover of tea, who is tired of going to cafes and ordering some bland unpalatable tea-bag beverage, while their friends gush about their blah-blah-something-latte. The atmosphere is relaxing and cozy and social, the tea selection is wonderful, and the owners are a great combination of laid-back, friendly, and yet serious about their business. They clearly view the place as a community-building hub. A couple of the staff are inconsistent and bring the cafe down, but please give Bampot another chance, if you happened to fall upon an aloof or surly employee.  \nFinally, it's nice that their menu accommodates vegans and GF diets, but the food isn't good or diverse, so don't come here for dinner. Come for the fantastic tea and a chat, or a light board-game with old and new friend(s).
Well worth the trip. We were staying out by the airport and I had a craving for a Ruben.  Came across this place and was not disappointed at all. The food is awesome and it's very affordable.  Would recommend this place to friends and family, so I guess you guys are my Yelp friends..Good Eats to all.
This is one of the best places in Las Vegas that probably not too many people know about. I've been a member of the Spring Preserve for over 4 years and have had many experiences here from the museums to the numerous events held here. My family is here whenever we get a chance. The café has good food and happy hour on Thursday (this is a good excuse to spend an evening at the Preserve minus the kids). You also get a panoramic view of downtown and the strip from the café's balcony
My boyfriend and I eat Thai quite often. This place was great ! Best Pad Thai we've both had in a long time. My bf enjoyed the rare beef ball pho however said the noodles could have been better. Spring rolls are delicious. Would definitely go back ! And the people who worked there were so kind and smiley :)
Amazing cart service. Very impressive. Carts were consistent and had much variety. Best cart style dim-sum I've found in the city core. \nThe only downside for me, which isn't a big deal, is that it is not meant for one as many of the dishes are family sizes, although not all.  Limited my selection a bit but outside of that,great for couples and family.
Matt is awesome \n\nGreat deals, food and incredible happy hour specials. \n\nTry the thriftstore.
It's McDonald's so you know the menu and prices but do you know the location. This location is updated and clean. Fast friendly service both in the restaurant and at the drive thru. It is a busier location due to being centrally located but that does not stop this location from getting the job done.
This place IS THE SHIEET! This is a review coming from someone who doesn't normally go out and eat Mexican cuisine. But man, this place was SUPER delicious. Will definitely plan to be back again.\n\nI came on a Tuesday night with a friend. The place was pretty packed. We didn't make a reservation, but luckily we were seated right away by the window. Setting: wooden tables, tables extremely close to each other (I probably could've elbowed the person adjacent to me - I suspect they tried to squeeze in as many tables as space will allow), and some decorations that, well, look Mexican haha. They dimmed the lighting sometime during the night. At first it seemed too dark, but after my eyes adjusted, it was quite nice. Is this what they call ambience? I'd say so.\n\nFood: I got the tostada with ground beef. I can't eat kidney beans but the waiter was happy to accommodate and gave me more rice instead. It was DELICIOUS. Tangy ground beef. Crispy, freshly fried shell. Diced lettuce perfectly placed, with smooth smooth avocado in the middle, sprinkled with corn. My favourite part was this white, mayo-like sauce that they crosshatched across the tostada. \n\nService: Waiter came and left a bottle of water on our table, but came regularly to pick up said bottle and refill our glasses with it. Pretty good service!\n\nI'm not gonna lie: the majority of my previous experience with 'Mexican food' was with Taco Bell, so you should read my review with that in mind. But, after Playa Cabana, I can never go back. I wish I had more experience with Mexican cuisine so that I had a better frame of reference than Taco Bell haha, but there you have it. Come to Playa Cabana and have your palette elevated to, as they say, a WHOLE 'NOTHER LEVEL.
You pick a glaze and a topping to go on a plain donut. I picked chocolate glaze with bacon and lemon with coconut. The donuts are made fresh and have a very nice crisp with a soft inside. They taste similar to beignets. I ate the donuts about 10mins after I ordered and the outside crisp prevents them from getting soggy from the glazing. They about 3" in diameter, and in my opinion, that size could not be more perfect. \n\nDonuts cost $1.20, which is a steal in the boutique donut market.\n\nI originally hail from Chicago where Glazed & Infused dominate, with Stan's close behind. Duck has them both beat. Their combination of freshness, price, size and texture make for a perfect donut.
Horrible, overpriced, dirty and most of the games are broken. The prizes are not even worth trying to win. The food is discusting aswell. I really expected alot more than this. The old gameworks on the strip was so much better. NEVER stepping foot in this place again and I don't reccomend anyone to stop by here. I thought all these reviews were exaggerating but trust me they are not. I was so dissapointed I left and just went to the NEW YORK NEW YORK Arcade.
Yes, big shock, I know.  I don't eat @ McDonald's or other fast food establishments.  Usually if I did, it's because i was being cute using their free coupons or special promos (birthdays, anniversaries,...).\nYesterday around 1 PM, I decided to stop by since I was in the neighborhood to redeem their free coupons that I received in the (junk) mail, for free small fries and a fruit smoothie.  I selected strawberry-flavored smoothie for a 'drink' to wash down the fries.  I was served by cashier Daniel, who was very polite and timely, and he even thought it was cute that I had the free coupons ;)  He accepted 2 separate coupons, and I was not charged sales tax so I didn't have to pull change out of my wallet.  How courteous.  I dined in, partly so I could take a photo in that setting for you Yelpers ;)  I sat at a cool polished 'wood' counter with a comfy leather stool, cozily inside the one area that looked like it's for WifFi users (not sure if you could use a laptop at that very area as I didn't bring mine). \nThe fries were hot and tasty with not too much salt, and the smoothie had the right texture and wasn't too much like softened ice cream and wasn't too cold and did taste like strawberry.  Oh, when I asked another server next to Daniel if there was a fork, she handed me fork & knife that were encased in factory-sealed plastic wrap.  She also hinted that there were a straw and self-service ketchup at a station behind me.  It was just fairly busy and the staff kept up with that pace as if they were properly trained for their positions.  Even the rest of the people picking up or dining in were polite.  As I was waiting for my order (for about 5 minutes, a woman came up to Daniel and mentioned something wrong with her hamburger (like missing the onions), he quickly accompanied her without treating her like an anal hassle.  I also noticed that the establishment appeared to have been renovated, and it was clean and very modern, and the ambiance was casual and room temperature was at a comfortable level..\nOverall, it was a professional service for that type of establishment, and I left pleased.  It must've been a good day due to very cool weather :)
A permanent lineup at York lanes; one of the few choices at York that is halal.  Food wise it's hot and tasty, from a fast food standard of course. I had mild green curry and was still sweating a lot. Under $10 (if you drink tap water) and your belly is stuffed.  Good place to grab a bite before class.
Tender gyros meat at decent prices. Just stick with a gyros sandwich (the fries are mediocre). This place has been around since my parents were on UIUC's campus in the early-mid 70s and it's a great place to take them. I can't speak to the seating during peak hours because I usually would drop by here if there was a deal on Hooked midafternoon if I hadn't eaten lunch.
Holy smokes! This place is one time consuming portal of gimmicks and awful service. First, the service is not great and the overall experience is way too pricy. Now, never mind that the overpriced single dish indian entrees are mediocre at best ... for some reason a sword wielding candle balancing bellydancer is supposed to make for a good experience? \n\nIt was loud as hell inside, and then the bellydancing made any conversation entirely inaudible to the point where i had to ask my 'server' what he said numerous times. Now aside from letting children play with a massive sword by other guests, balancing candles on her head, and harassing patrons to get up and dance with her, the bellydancing was not only dangerous but unnecessarily noisy.\n\nThe food itself? Meh. Ive been to many indian places, this is the least impressive. But hey, we got to wait an extra hour before paying a $60 bill for 2 people.
This place is pretty good and the atmosphere is fun.  Although I'm generally not a fan of subs, the sandwiches here were good.  For those who like a lot of meat, the subs here are stacked thick and the servings are big.  I though the meat-to-veggies ratio was off, but I guess that's because I like a lot of veggies.  There was also slightly too much sauce, causing the sandwich to get a bit soggy.\nOverall, I like this place, and the restaurant itself is nice, clean, with friendly service.
I mean, it's Taco Bell. I don't typically ring any bell to let people know i'm eating here.\n\nNormally this location comes in handy after a late night at work and since I live nearby why not slide in and pick up some true authentic meximerican fast food?\n\nBut, they manage to get the job done. There are times the drive thru line is horrendous because they are just slow. So, you park your whip and stroll inside only to find out there are just as slow there too. It's battle - and you fight that battle depending on how much you are craving this deliciousness. How badly are you willing to think outside the bun?\n\nWhen they are on - they're on When they are off - man are they off.\n\nLive mas?
OMG . My husband and I were looking for a new casual dining place and happened to drive by Charr. We,went in on a Sunday evening and sat at the bar because they had all day happy hour. We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip as,an appetizer. It was Amazing! By the time our dinner came we were stuffed! My husband ordered a Buffalo Burger which was great and I had the chicken salad which was very flavorful. We left with 3 big to go boxes and,will be back soon. Oh  and great friendly service and clean too (:
This is one of my favs. Tucked away on a quiet street near the Allegheny River. I'm a vegetarian and i've always enjoyed the meals there although they don't have a ton of choices. It's byob which makes this an inexpensive albeit unpretentious and elegant restaurant. Most of all, I enjoy the pace of the restaurant. Everytime i've gone, I spent about 2 hours there, dining slowly and enjoying. Afterwards, a walk to the river. Nice.
Love this place. Came in for lunch during work and the sandwich was amazing and the chick behind the counter was super hot! Bravo firehouse keep hiring hot chicks and stop hiring scrubs and dudes!!
came for the easter brunch - my kids loved the food and the accommodating staff.   will try their happy hour next!
Incredibly slow drive thru service. I ordered a coffee and a bagel and I was in line for over 10 minutes. I don't understand why it takes so long. They obviously need more employees.
(Dined 08/05/16 F @ 8:00pm): "Give me a 'Q' (QUALITY); give me a 'D' (DELICIOUS); give me a "C" (CANADIAN) - what does that spell...!?\n\nAlong with my oldest niece on a several-hours layover from Los Angeles to Rome, I sought out properly-prepared Canadian poutine and came across QDC Burger. I was amazed that none of the other eateries in this wing of the airport served any! Having been disappointed with the majority of poutine offerings here stateside, would I make a beeline in this direction again if I were to fly out of this terminal!?:\n\nMolson Canadian Lager Beer 5.0% ABV ($9.48 CAD) - A 341ml (nearly 12 fl. oz.) bottle, this light golden brew was as lifeless as a linguini with nary a body to caress, a faint nose, and a barely-memorable sweet finish. But hey...I had to try this in its native land! https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4GtQZXJvNYCOC8nuGAiCeA&userid=8jVT2inwc8GIQ6sH2UG9Vw\n\n[ONION RINGS/STRAWS/STRINGS ALERT - 3.0 of 5.0 STARS]\nOnion Rings ($6.00 CAD) - Covered in Jack Daniel's beer batter, the portion size was three --- yes, ONLY THREE --- large and thick onion rings! This extremely small portion size came out hot, the darker brown crunchy batter was lovely and didn't crumble, and each onion ring (not sweet Maui) stayed intact when bitten into. I playfully imagined these stacked atop each other as steam spewed through a volcanic flume! This "blew"...but only in the sense that I wish there was more to eat!\n\nRegular Poutine ($9.00 CAD) - Because it was still a "no-meat Friday" for me, I passed on the short rib version which I would've preferred. Thankfully, this was more than sufficient based on the portion size and amount of ingredients. The fries were thick golden brown potato pugil sticks covered in squeaky squishy cheese and hot slightly-salty syrupy gravy sauce. Each bite was tres magnifique! The only recommendation was that the cheese and gravy be evenly-distributed between the layers of interlocking Lincoln Logs of fries so everything was covered. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=c3QvJY9VGWBcpRRcoEyeYg&userid=8jVT2inwc8GIQ6sH2UG9Vw\n\n1/3 lb. Burger ($9.99 CAD) - My niece order this very simple burger that consisted of a 1/3-lb. beef patty, a large tomato slice a la Tommy's in Los Angeles, a large leaf of lettuce, half a pickle, a slice of Swiss cheese, all contained by a puffy round toasted bun a la Umami Burger also in Los Angeles. The buns were egregiously burnt such was Joan of Arc which left a charred taste in my mouth and smoke-screened the rest of the burger. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=CgyEYier9dNL_cIpGjS-1A&userid=8jVT2inwc8GIQ6sH2UG9Vw\n\nService - Our female bartender and server was totally friendly, informative about the menu, and joked around with us as she helped us decide what to order. She was quick to get our drinks out, and once we decided what to eat, our food came out in about 10 minutes. She checked on us periodically, and once we were done paying was a breeze. Merci beaucoup!\n\nParking (Varied; FREE this instance) - We were laidover, so a non-issue since this was inside the airport past security in the departure gates area.\n\nAtmosphere, décor, ambience - A no-walls open welcoming layout with a large "C" bar, clusters of chairs and tables, and a few more relaxed loungy-style seats along the periphery. It was all about the massive amount of electric ceiling lights although very small amounts of natural lighting barely made its way from the glass windows down yonder. There were several muted but closed-captioned TVs on each wall but no background music.\n\nAttire - Totally casual, so I would normally be in a t-shirt, boardshorts, and flip-flops.\n\nOverall, I'd return to QDC Burger if I found myself again in the Air Canada terminal in Montreal...but probably by default because the other offerings didn't tickle my fancy. It went without saying that food prices at the airport were outrageously high, and I felt this was no different. I found them similar to The Counter with it's quasi a la carte way to order a burger. The menu was very limited https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=HYGsdF7XmEi_US3uzecfxg&userid=8jVT2inwc8GIQ6sH2UG9Vw. Although they served alcohol, beer, and wine, the selection was kept to a minimum. I found fairly good value (the poutine was what kept this rating this high) based on the prices, service, and experience noted above (TOTAL paid experience was around $41.00 CAD BEFORE tip). And, they accepted my credit card of choice...AMEX! 3.5 STARS
Came to this place with an old friend. I ordered the Special Pho with everything in it the service was fast and effcient. I've been dying to go back I'd have to say my pho was hot and steamy. \n\nI'll be back this was worth a trip before work or after for dinner. Next time I'm up in the area I'll be sure to try this place again.
Yummy donuts at a great price!! I got two donuts and the chocolate one was a little rich, but still good. It was warm and taste just like cake! Parking might not be the easiest, but worth it! I would come back again.
This place is on point. I tried to get one of each variety and there was not a loser in the bunch. My favorite so far is maple with bacon.
This is a crazy place. I've visited twice now. Both times have sat on the dog friendly patio. I've had a different waitress each visit however, they both seemed so uninterested in being at work. Also the yelp hours listed never seem to match what they're open. Last time as we were leaving another couple showed up thinking they were open till 10 weekdays. \n\nHere's the saddest part, I love the location and the menu. But the wait staff is so unwelcoming it's amazing. First visit ( we think they're open till 10(yelp listed) we show up at 8:15. At 8:45 while eating our entrees the waitress turns off the fire and starts closing down. Ok ok we're done can we have a box?  Tonight our waitress had three tables (all outside) we ordered a salad and an appetizer and twenty minutes later they show up with our entree right behind when we ordered them at least 10 minutes apart. Our waitress spent the majority of her time in at the bar with the other staff eating pasta from a to go container from somewhere. \n\nOk also don't order the veggie burger. I know I know it's a meat place, but I was trying to make a healthy option tonight. Tasted like when I tried a Pinterest fail recipe. Just get a burger.
We actually had a very different experience than we have had in the past last night. We ordered 3 different types of naan, and they forgot the garlic and gave us aloo instead. They made it right, by bringing the garlic, but it took a while.\n\nI ordered the *House Salad* and it wasn't as fresh as it typically is.\n\nI also ordered the *Vegetable Biryani* rice with no peas, when it came, there were peas. I told the waiter and he apologized, and said we should keep that one and they would make another one. Then he came back a few seconds later and said, actually I need to take that one. I was obviously very concerned at this point that they were going to pick out the peas from my dish. The dish came back a few minutes later, luke warm, with a rogue pea or two. \n\nThis was very uncharacteristic of our times at Tandoori Times, and I'm hoping it was just an off night. We will be back again, and I have my fingers crossed that it will be a better experience.
I was skeptical about this place at first but I stumbled in to play my friend Jimmy at the basketball game because we wanted to kill some time. We ended up walking into the bowling alley bar, and our bartender, Heather was way cool. She knew how to make her drinks and was very personable. Will definitely be coming back.
Pho Noodles is a welcome addition to the midtown/Melrose area. Although the area does not have a shortage of other Asian restaurants, people in the area usually had to go farther into the west side or to north Phoenix to get good Vietnamese food. This restaurant is cozy, very clean, and conveniently located in the commercial complex at the northeast corner of 7th Avenue and Osborn. The staff is friendly and the food is inexpensive and really good. The other reviewers have already discussed how good their pho is, so let me just mention that I love their crispy banh xeo, which is a must-try for people who want something a bit different from the usual noodle or rice dishes. And their Vietnamese rolls are really good, especially the ones with tofu and vegetables - the ingredients are really fresh and the rice-paper wrapper is tender and not rubbery, unlike in some Vietnamese eateries.
Occasionally I just feel like going out for just basic breakfast, i come to this particular MacDonald's.  It's a place to have a big breakfast and watch some of the interesting people that you now are regulars among others. It's always clean and the service pretty quick. it's by no means and exciting venue!   is okay for what it is.  I am not a big breakfast eater so it serves the purpose when I am in that particular mood.\n\nWhen I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast.  I usually need to eat something and can count on pretty standard fare and a decent price.  If it's just before catching a plane in the morning, a Greek meal that I might prefer first thing in the morning might not set well at takeoff as a big breakfast..
Came here for the kiddies. Got a groupon deal which was awesome $20 for all day pass and $20 freeplay. Kids had an awesome time. Nice location with many shops in the town square that parents can enjoy while the kids game their brains out. They have a nice little restaurant in the back with a BAR (yeah baby). Win win for all. If I would have paid full price the review would be different definitely. Awesome deals to.o for weekdays. See photo.
I went with my husband Jan 27 and the server Chandler was very nice and informative.  We ordered two glasses of wine, bruschetta appetizer, lasagna and Butternut squash raviolli and flourless chocolate cake.  I felt the ambience was nice the food was perfect and I will return with my friends next week!
Need an activity for a group of 8 year olds? GameWorks. Need an activity for your double date with 25 year olds? GameWorks. Need an end of semester class activity? GameWorks. \nBefore showing up, do a quick Google search and find yourself a deal before you show up. Groupon and even the specials on their websites have some really good deals that will give you a huge discount. For just $20 you can get an entire day of game play and a $20 game card for ticketed games if you find a discount online. It is way more expensive if you buy your ticket on site. Bring the kids here and play in the morning, come back in the evening for date night. \nThe cards are really easy to lose and non replaceable so either hold on to it for young kids! \nGameWorks has a bar and quick bar food. If you come here later in the evening the average age of the crowd gets a lot older. It's located in Town Square so if you're not feeling arcade food, there are TONS of places to eat/drink outside. Park on the West side of Town Square (by the guitar shop and the movie theater)
My husband wanted to try this so I went along.  First, the bar area really needs a good cleaning and a paint job, it's really dirty.  We sat at the bar and looking behind it at all the crap they had shoved in the shelves below made me wonder what the kitchen looked like. Also, I know they have items on the menu for dogs, but to be sitting inside and someone walks their dog through well to me that is not cool in a restaurant.\n\nWe ordered a beer and the bartender was doing double duty waiting on tables outside.  After about 15 they took our food order.  \n\nThe wait time wasn't horrible but it could of been better.  I had the Bourbon Chicken which was good and my husband had the Ramen something or other.  His looked like soup and had a skewer of beef.  I tried it and it was just OK.  He left hungry and we ordered a pizza on the way home.\n\nI don't think we need to come back, it just wasn't that good.  I have to wonder if they will be around in another year.
We've been visiting the park for almost a year but it is our 1st time here. I'm between 4 and 5 star rating and heres my review:\n\nFood - we ordered Chicken Milanese, Teriyaki Salmon bowl & rootbeer float with oreo churros - generous portions and were all yummy. They have fruit infused water for all which was great. We're looking forward to trying other items on the menu. Its good to have options beyond the usual burger and hotdog when you are at a park/museum.\n\nPrice - reasonable though everything is $10+. Reasonable becoz portions are generous and bcoz prices at themeparks and the like are usually pricier. \n\nAmbiance - dine inside or outside. The patio has good view of the mountains and of the Las Vegas hotel bldgs. The patio provides enough shade. We dined in September so it was comfortable outside I just dont know how it is in the middle of hot hot Vegas summer =) The whole place is generally clean and well kept.\n\nService - there seems to be adequate staff... but the food was served longer than expected. But we didn't really mind as we were enjoying the birds while we sat at the patio. All staff from the cashier to the server and table guy we're all very friendly.\n\n\nWe will definitely be back to try out other items from their menu and dine at their patio =)
Quality salad. Had to go back for the mixed berry and chicken salad. The berries were fresh and plentiful. The chicken had a tasty flavor, not too much nor too little.
Best tacos in Cleveland. Moist and flavorful, never lacking spice ave texture. Amazing quesoand margaritas. Only complaint is the wait and the effort to park. Try the pulled porkwith the pineapple salsa, and the dirty taco for sure, and don't skip the guac. Lots of veggie options too, and they ever make to-go a plausible option, mine didn't even get soggy. The servers are quick and accurate.
This place is great. Fresh and hot made to order doughnuts. You choose the glaze then the toppings then the drizzle. My best combo is maple glaze, bacon toppings with caramel drizzle. It tastes just like pancakes with bacon on top so good. The prices are great too. $1.30 each. I recommend this place for anyone who loves doughnuts.
Came in with family the other day. Great food and great service. Ramen bowl was very good and not too strong on the broth like allot of places. Loved that they show anime on the walls. Appetizers were great too, had a bacon wrapped thing that tasted great. Waitress was very nice and did a great job.
I tried this place a few times and have been disappointed. If I sit at the bar, I don't get served unless I get loud and yell to the bartender that ignores me that I would like a beer. \n\nAfter a bad experience with this place, I gave it another shot because it's by my house. Some friends and I went in for dinner around 8pm. One of my friends is loud and was commenting loudly on how cool the place was. We were seated and waited. And waited. The manager came over and asked us where we came from and why my friend was so loud. I explained we had not been anywhere and he was just like that. She told us we were drunk and wouldn't get served. I stated this was fine, we were looking to have dinner not drinks. She stated we weren't welcome to stay because my friend was obviously drunk and they didn't want "people like us" there bothering the other guests.  No one was drunk or even drinking.  Fine with me, we left and I haven't been back. Never will return.  I surely hope this is not how they treat all their customers.
Delicious pho & decent bun. We've come here a lot since we've moved to this neighbourhood.
I'll get right to it, the restaurant looks nice, clean, but the food is over priced and subpar, and worst of all, EXTREMELY SLOW service, food took over an hour to come (and the food it wasn't even good).  Never coming back here ever again!
NEVER can get an order right. I could repeat in slow mode and they will still get something wrong. The funny thing is that employees for McDonald's want to make $15/hr....that's laughable
Very good food. Although I asked for a medium rare steak and it came through as a medium. Still an outstanding meal. Would have been 5 stars if not for the steak prep. I would highly recommend this place.
Enjoyable atmosphere, however I've yet to be wow'd by the spice level. I came here expecting for at least my sinuses to be cleared by the "very spicy" Chicken Vindaloo w/  the add-on sauces on top to add an additional level of spice. \n\nUnfortunately, I walked away with delicious food nonetheless, but with the spice level of a vinegar-soaked jalapeño. \n\nI was surprised by the mild belly-dancer show; it was my first experience with one and to be honest I did not walk away impressed. I glanced through other reviews and they seemed to have a better experience so maybe the dancers are on rotation, because the ones I saw today left me a bit off-put to the idea of dining here during one of the shows in the future. However, I now personally want to find the best place to get a consistently good belly-dance performance during a meal. \n\nOverall, I had a wonderful meal and a couple laughs with the other diners. Would definitely recommend the place to friends.
Hmmm guess they transported all that grease from chi city as well. My bread turned into a liquid from all that grease
Over priced, tiny portions, food was disgusting and made my girlfriend and i sick. I've never gone out of my way to review a restaurant. Just hope to prevent anybody from wasting their money in this place.
I had almost resigned myself to the fact that Toronto was devoid of terrific, almost authentic Mexican cuisine. Sure, Milagro has a couple decent dishes but overall it's underwhelming. There are some good burrito spots (Bandidos being the best) but for pure sit-down Mexican the landscape was bare - until Playa Cabana came into my life. I have ordered almost every item on the menu and every one was so good that I can't pick a favorite. So good. Just go. But don't touch my tacos.
Food is amazing & very delicious! Sunny, the owner came out & greeted us, such a nice guy and very friendly! We had tandoori shrimp, they were amazing! I would definitely come back, the setting outside is very romantic & vibrant, plus you are right next to the fountain...definitely coming back!
Great service and awesome food!!! The bar is also really nice, casual and relaxed yet trendy!! I am obsessed with their tacos! They got nice margaritas as well! It's certainly a great hangout for a couples night, or groups of friends! Make sure you reserve in advance. They are usually booked specially in the summer! The upstairs patio will be closed by 11 cuz of the neighbourhood!!
Pretty good tacos. A bit of a trek from the downtown core. Had reservations but the previous occupants were lounging there, someone in our group had to pester the server a few times because we got too hungry. They were nice to offer us tequila at the end of our meal. Unfortunately, the wait spoiled the experience to go again.
Wow wow wow. Amazing food, adorable ambiance, great staff. Definitely a new favorite!
My one of my favourite place to go for bun cuon and pho bo kho!!! The bun coun here is by far the best in Toronto and I've been to many.  Unlike many other restos, there is a very generous amount of filling (ground pork and mushroom) in each roll and it's so flavourful! We also order the spring roll and bo kho (spicy stew beef) which wasn't spicy all. It had a very tasty broth that has been simmered with carrots and very very tender beef cubes. Just thinking about it makes it want to go back for another bowl tomorrow.
I am a lover of Indian food and visited this restaurant based on the reviews of Yelp.  I was a little disappointed in the restaurant and don't think ill be back.  The appetizer was a little 'thrown together' as my wife said.  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala which was bland a weird brown color, and just average.  The bread was a little tough to get through and it was not a great experience all in.  The belly dancer was quite a novelty at first, but by the time she got to the 'dance with sword on head' i had had my fill.  Maybe i picked the wrong night, but i wasn't impressed.
This is the best pizza hands down. The secret is the ingredients--so fresh and of such high quality. The crust is both chewy and crunchy. Napoli leaves the others in the dust.
It was freakin' freezing and we both wanted some hot soup and immediately thought of Vietnamese Pho. So, we looked for a place close and found this shop.\n\nI had the Pho and my friend had the crunchy noodles. Both were really good!! \nThe portions were pretty big and neither of us could finish even though we wanted to.\n\nGreat local spot with great food!
We came to eat for an early dinner on a Wednesday night so the place was empty when we walked in, which meant fast service.  It was clean and had good ambiance.  We ordered chicken skewers as an appetizer and they were well-seasoned but rubbery.  For $7.50 for 2 small skewers I would expect them to be cooked to perfection.  We did get $1 off for happy hour.  My wife ordered the seafood and fat noodles and said the calamari was chewy and the best part of her dish was the onions.  I ordered the crunchy noodles with chicken and shrimp.  It was okay, not great, but the noodles were crunchy and delicious with the sauce they put under them.  I might come back to try the Pho, but otherwise it was a bit overpriced for the quality.  Not horrible, but certainly not at the top of my list.
The Sheraton, home away from home.I have been staying here for 20 years. Everyone is fantastic here and go the extra yard for their guest.   The bar is fantastic and they accomadate your drink or food need!  I would highly recommend the Sheraton.
Loved the Sushi Bar!  The food was fab.  This was an upper scale establishment.  Then they eliminated the bar and remodeled.   So sad, not the same experience.
Gorgeous location at the Springs Preserve with views of the strip and valley!\n\nThis place is so pretty and it has so many details that I love from the decor, fresh flowers to the lighting. \n\nWhy the 2 stars? \n\nThe food here is just awful. I've been here multiple times and I remember the good ol' days when Wolfgang Puck was running the show. Here are my thoughts -\n\nThe teriyaki chicken bowl serves up precooked chicken and frozen veggies on mushy rice with a very heavy bottled teriyaki sauce. Skip it.\n\nThe turkey wrap comes with wet meat. Yep, wet in just a wrong way. It's also cut into 3 pieces without any tucked end so when you take a bite everything falls out of it. The fries aren't fresh.  Skip it.\n\nThe pizza is ok. The crust is too thick & chewy for my liking but it's way better than the other items mentioned above. \n\nThe salads are probably the better options here as well but the meat is still precooked. \n\nThe chicken Milanese is dry and the chicken is sad as it's just been reheated most likely in a microwave. \n\nThis review in general just makes me sad. I love the location and space but the food just tastes awful. I hope somebody brings a new seasonal menu to this location and stops serving precooked meat. Also, the prices are far too high for this kind of quality.
While I can't agree with the other poster's comment about a town full of terrible restaurants, (that was uncalled for) I will agree that Affinitos is very good italian and a reasonable price (they also offer nightly specials that can be awesome deals).\n\nThey have a few spicy pasta dishes that I love!\n\nI also respect that on a number of occasions they were not willing to server what we ordered as they felt the ingredients weren't fresh enough 9or maybe they were out - who knows), but at the end of the day it only encouraged us to find other new favs.
Located with a selection of other restaurants the place has a small patio out front that faces the street. Inside there is a takeout and sushi counter at the back of the restaurant with two small booths and a few freestanding tables. Decorated with orange walls and lots of Japanese inspired wood trim it also had an extensive menu that was popular as a take out place. We opted for a sushi dish and some noodles but sadly, the food was not that impressive. Given the takeout traffic we expected it to be a little better but it really was simple sushi like you would get from any fast food sushi place.
Not only am I from California, I'm from San Francisco. I try not to be a food snob, I really do. I can grub on pizza, nachos, and fries and wash it down with a lite beer. But sometimes I just gotta have my foodie food, and most recently I got it at River Moon. The greek appetizer was generous and fresh, the halibut was beautifully done. But the cannolli was the best I've had. Pure rapture. We had the pleasure of meeting chef Josephine, and she's as warm and welcoming as she is talented. This is a great place, so good you might want to save it for a special event!
CONNNER IS THE BEST PERSON FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!\n\nWe had an issue with groupon but he helped us out in a timely manner & they were about to close but he helped us out.\n\nI'd give him employee of the month if I could \n\n\n\n\nTHANKS CONNERR!!!!!! I had the best time at Gameworks with all my friends!!!!
I really do love Red Koi, but since the prices went up...maybe six months ago we don't go there as often. they redecorated and the menu changed a bit, but the food is consistently amazing! Service is iffy, depends on who you get. I wish we could do it every weekend like we used to, but it's more of a special treat now.
I have been there 4 times this month and I repeated my order twice and they still messed up. When I was inside to place an order, they just looked at me and started talking to their friends. I almost turned around and walked out. The customer behind me was getting the same treatment. Thank you for your time.
This location gets 2 Stars. The restaurant was NOISY, & had a low-class of people. We had to change tables because the one we got was obnoxiously noisy with loud children nearby. I wish parents would make their kids behave in public, plus it was 8:30 pm & little kids s/b in bed by then, at least  I was at that age. Anyway, we did get moved to a quieter table. The service & food was great, but I recommend the Scottsdale location over this location by far....
Duck Donuts = Delicious Cake Batter Donuts. You can depend on that they will always be hot and warm, because they are made to order. Does it get any better than that?\n\nIf you come on a weekend morning, just prepare yourself. It will be crowded. And you will have to wait in line. But you can stand there and watch the magic happen. This also gives you time to decide what you want. And if you can't decide what kind of donut you want, since you can make any combo from all their choices of toppings - ask for a dozen of randoms and they will create the perfect combinations for you.\n\nAlso - did you know they do donut holes? You have to call in the day prior and it does a require a minimum order of 10 dozen holes which is right around $30 or so. I can't recall the exact price now. But these are perfect for an office or school setting.
This location is consistent with being inconsistent.\n\nI frequent this location because it is close to my house. ONLY REASON.\n\nI pretty much order the same thing every time:\n\n4 piece chicken nugget happy meal, ranch for my dip, for a boy and a apple juice. \nAbsolutely nothing special.\n\nYet, every time they forget something. One day it is the fries, next it will be his toy, some days it is the sliced apples. \n\nSo I have to make sure I check my order every time before I leave the drive thru window.\n\nAnd the inside is always dirty. Always.
Running errands on Sunday and the significant other spotted this place from the road so off we went. We had not been to a Chinese buffet since moving to Charlotte and thought it was time to give it a go.\n\nThe place itself is pretty big but they have the tables in a congested area. They were pretty busy on our visit and constantly putting out freshly cooked food.\n\nThe variety of food for what we paid was good. They offered an ample amount of seafood options as well as chicken and beef.\n\nFor our Sunday visit, we paid $12.99 for adult and $4.99 for our child. Then additional charge of $1.69 per drink. \n\nAlso on our visit, they sure did have the heater on. Make you nice and hot so you don't stay so long. lol.\n\nFood overall was okay. Not bad, not great - mediocre Americanized Chinese eats.
Had a wonderful time here, wife and l on vacation for the F1 race, so the city was abuzz with activity and closed down streets for the many festivals nearby.\nSo because of that, service was a bit slow understandably, our server apologized for that, so no knock there. Prices weren't too overly expensive, as we ordered up a bottle of Moet & Chandon Imperial to go with our fantastic French Onion soup and a cheese plate, salad and a veggie platter. Salad was good as well. Great atmosphere, (we dined al fresco) friendly staff, l recommend this place.
Love! Fantastic pho and bahn mi and GREAT prices! Four stars because I think I can find better, TBD.
I was never a fan of pho, being a ramen addict myself. However, Pho Noodles is our go to place  when my boyfriend is having a pho craving which is pretty frequently. I love that it's so affordable. I don't ever guilty about eating out when I eat here. The service is always great and their pho is delicious. The broth is tasty and and flavorful, the noodles are cooked perfectly and the meat is tender. I have yet to try the other items in their menu like the sandwiches and the rice dishes.
First time here for dinner with family of ten, it is a big place that i can bring my baby stroller in.\n\nThere have 36 dishes to choose from for $8.25+.\n\nThe portion of the dish surprisingly large that still can pack up.
Over priced games and crappy service horrible food and really not much fun for what you spend you will walk away regretting you've gone
I do not like donuts (call me a sinner), but these were just top notch!  They were more like a miniature cake in the shape of a donut.  They were a little more "dense" than a traditional donut, but I think that's what I liked most about it!  They have a maple bacon donut, which is unexpectedly tasty.  Definitely worth a visit!
My favourite place for pho, I usually get the rare beef with beef balls. The bun and spring rolls are really great too.
This place is alright. Our server was one of the nicest I've ever had. Wish I got her name. The food wasn't the best, it landed my husband and I in the bathroom all night. Also found a beard hair in our take home order. The drink menu is incredible. The most creative and hysterical menu I've ever saw. Don't sit in the back patio unless the aroma of dog feces and cigarettes is your thing. Overall I'd only return for a couple of drinks. Cheers
This place deserves its great food reviews. Their shortrib crispy tacos are about the most flavourful thing I've had in any Mexican restaurant in Toronto (including all those places open in the past couple of years where people like to line up for tacos) - assuming you like the idea of moist, saucy meat, freshly deep-fried shell, oozy cheese and creamy cool crema and guac on the side. I'm not an expert on "authenticity", but it's definitely delicious and not watered down for gringos.  They always have a daily ceviche and the fish tacos are great too. It tends to get really busy and may not be a good place to bring squirmy kids, but it's not hard to get a seat for two at off-peak hours. Their nacho chips are also freshly deep fried and crispily addictive.
I can concur with a fellow yelper who had said they had craptastic buns.\n\nOf course, I had to figure this out for myself. \n\nOne afternoon, not so long ago I had a terrible craving.  A girl, should know not to pick a place because it's literally right beside all the other places she needs to go - and on top of that, not busy.\n\nI had no idea, this place was a chain.  I should have though it had all the tell tale signs not to mention the cafeteria tray. LOL.  Fun times!  I ordered a burger. A fairly basic one with greems, mustard, mayo, ketchup and onions. Nothing too wild for i wanted to sink my teeth into that meaty patty.\n\nI was bummed. I mean it filled my stomach but didn't feel my craving for a real burger.  The patty just tasted like pressed meat and the bun nothing special.  i left after my meal. Shaking my head.\n\nI'm glad I tried it for now I know where to avoid even when I am in a hurry.
Hands down one of the best Interior StreetArt in the city. Well done. One of the biggest reasons I went. The other is a new spot on the east side of town which seemed kinda fun.\n\nI have to say after reading what everyone else has said. I can't say I disagree. I had high hopes for the food. It fell short on flavour.  We didn't even finish our ceviche which  I always do because  it's a go to fave for me.\n\nWe were seated in the second floor dining area. Same level as the patio so I had to check it out. It looks amazing. Maybe in the summer. \n\nThe service was sporadic. Present in the beginning but absent after the food was served. We waited forever for someone to come by to the point where we just flagged down another server to get our bill.\n\nIt's not a bad spot. It just had no standouts in terms of food. we ordered a variety of tacos to share too. The drinks - cocktails and beer - were okay. I'd say if they bumped up their food flavour game and worked a bit more on customer service this would be a solid spot. \n\nIt has a ton of potential. The interior design is incredibly inviting so I'm crossing my fingers.
At first i was not a firehouse fan! I had gone and did not like it what so ever! From the Sandwich i got (hook and ladder) to the long line! It must of just not been my day because I got dragged back by a friend and now i love it! I get the Italian and Steamer almost every time! You could not ask for a better sandwich! I also throw the Caption Sorenson sauce on! It is crazy good! I was a hater now i am a lover!
Overall, the gameworks is pretty weak. i went there on Thursday because you can get endless play after 5. Half of the games are out of order or in some kind of disrepair. They only had one Mario kart racing working and the steering was off! There is no tickets on that night which is fine but then half of the games are dumb because the only point of them is getting tickets.  The food and drink is over priced for what you get. The cards suck and you have to swipe them a bunch of times to get them to work. WEAK!
I've been here quite a few times before.  Food is alright - not the best but still good.  I had the house special dry noodle (H01 I believe) and it was a lot smaller than I thought it would be considering that it was $8.  The shrimp pancake was super greasy and oil just oozed out in every bite.\n\nMy boyfriend got the house special pho (P01) and there was a lot more noodle than meat.  Broth was ok, not authentic to the vietnamese style though.\n\nI finished my meal before he did and they cleared up my bowl pretty quick BUT they also took away the bean sprout plate that came with my boyfriend's pho - not sure why?\n\nWe also ordered a taro bubble tea slush.  It wasn't as slushy as other places, more watery if anything.  Tapioca was fresh and they added a lot of ice cubes in the cup to make it look full.  You don't realize how much ice they put in it until you've finished your drink (which could be in 5 minutes).\n\nWashrooms are small, a little dirty, and cold but you can tell they tried to clean it.
My wife, our  three kids, mother-in-law and I went here last night for my wife's birthday. The food and service was exceptional. I had the braised beef short ribs tacos, and my wife had the fish tacos...wow.  My kids now want to come here again and my little guy who is 5 told the server he is going to call John Catucci from "You Gotta Eat Here!" to do their next show there.  It is very small and cramped but just adds to the atmosphere. I'm usually not big on Mexican food so I can't say whether it was authentic or not, but I really enjoyed my meal, and my family was very satisfied as well. We were there on a Tuesday at 6:30 and it was packed.  Thanks Yelp for helping select another great restaurant away from my comfort zone!
The restaurant was pretty empty while we were here. Our waitress was very nice and timely, not super educated on the menu however. Food was average, our burgers were slightly burnt, enough to taste. Lastly, beer menu was subpar. Probably won't come back.
Great food!! Nice cozy place.. Came for 24th engagement anniversary and totally satisfied... So far best Mexican place in TO.. Sure visit soon!!!
Was there Friday morning around 9am- rudest young guy working the order window and took our payment. That guy has no business in the customer service industry.
Best Italian in Henderson!!! Five star  - authentic and perfectly cooked dishes here.  Quality par to NYC Italian restaurants.  At last good Italian in the Vegas area (not counting the Strip 5-Star Hotels).  This place has nice ambiance, a nice dessert & pastry glass showcase in the entrance - they also have delicious desserts here! Take them to go if you are too full after your meal.  We'll be back for more!
This was my fist time at this place, I have driven by it a few times. \n\nI of course decided to go with a breakfast, I ordered the Eggs-N-More with a Verry Berry smoothie, the smoothie was quite good there is no added sugar. The meal was great eggs, bacon, home fries, and toast. It also came with pancakes which were really bland and flavorless. The coffee is coffee nothing special same like everywhere else. \n\nOverall the place is small but it has its charm, the staff if courteous. I would definitely come back and I do recommend it.
Quick delivery. I ordered a cheese pizza and the pizza was pretty good. The tomato sauce was perfect, the cheese was a good amount. My only thing is that the dough was a bit salty, but not too much. I would order from here agin for delivery, but would rather walk to Mineo's for pizza if I wasn't getting delivery.
Awsome place for breakfast or brunch. Great value and food is good.  It is now my favorite go to breakfast spot and go quite frequently. It is the only place I actually like the home fries and don't have to ask for them well done. I fine everywhere else they taste under or not cooked. Service can be a bit slow if your in a rush. But if your l99k8jg to sit down and enjoy a meal with someone it's great.
Playa Cabana definitely lived up to the hype. Went with a large group which presented the opportunity to do a tasting menu of a variety of different tacos and some apps as share plates. Listing everything would be an endeavour but the stand outs were definitely the fresh, flakey fish tacos, savoury rib steak tacos, and flavourful octopus tacos. The tostadas were impressive and the in-house hot sauces were all phenomenal. Definitely made a lasting impression, not to mention a great tequila selection and cocktail list.
Tied for some of the best Pho I've had in Toronto. We kept things simple and opted for the Pho with rare beef, beef brisket and beef balls, with an order of fresh rolls and fried spring rolls. The broth was rich, complex, and super aromatic. I wasn't feeling the sodium-spike I often do after Pho, and all the rolls were fresh, tasty and satisfying. I'm looking forward to working my way through the rest of the menu.
We have been to this restaurant twice in the past few weeks.  We love the food, the excellent, friendly service and the prices.  I plan to try their pizza next.  I love the wedding soup and the wings are awesome.  We will be back soon!
This place is absolutely atrocious!!!  It seemed like an arcade graveyard. 50-60% of the games either didn't work, didn't accept the card, or were just plain not on. I saw on at least 3 different occasions where a 2 person shooter game only had 1 gun..  We sat down on another 2 person game, and the start button only worked for one player. The calibrations were off on a couple games (shooting far left, and the crosshairs are all the way over to the right).  The basketball games with their sad, deflated basketballs, with pieces of the ball literally falling off. The one football game that did work, again had sad deflated footballs. However, I did see Tom Brady playing the game, and those deflated footballs really sent him over the top for the high score. This place is literally the biggest joke, and saddest excuse for an arcade that I've ever seen. This is Las Vegas... get your stuff together!  \n\nPs...  GameWorks management, don't bother responding to apologize, and urge me to check out your rewards program. We will never set foot in here again. And for the sake of everyone's sanity..  Take your business off of Groupon. You're not set up to be anything more than an old, tired, rundown graveyard for games. Time to close the doors, and replace it with a Dave and Busters.
Food was good. Atmosphere was really great. Cocktails were amazing.  However, they turned off the music with a half an hour left until close. Some tables were still getting served and we were still eating. \n\nThey had three servers on our table which was great for check ups! But, they asked if we were finished yet a bit too much. \n\nIt has the potential to be a really great place! The food was tasty. The guac was a bit under falvoured -- it lacked some serious bite and was nothing special. The only issue was really just with the staff. They really wanted us to get out of there so they could close down.\n\nThe second time I went, over a year later, we had a better time. The food was really great, however they brought us our main JUST as our appetizer was sat down in front of us. The server/food runner tried to fit it onto our tiny table, which we weren't pleased about. Finally, I said "Um, I don't think we're ready for our main" and he took it back. Later, the timing was great once our plates were cleared and our stuff came back nice and hot.\n\nAgain, we felt a little bit rushed. I get that it's a busy place and they likely want to get as many sittings as possible, but the vibe of the entire restaurant is something that just screams slow date night, so I wish they wouldn't be so rushed.
This is my 2nd time. The first time was lunch..it was very so so. This time I was thinking I will give it another try. I did the dinner buffet. It was ok for the price; but somehow all seafood & meat don't taste very fresh. I did like the stir fried green beans & the rice noodles. Actually most of the veggie is good, fresh & tasty. Other than that, not so much. I wish they would charge more so that they can give us more quality stuff. Won't go back there anytime soon !!
Great restaurant! Being that I was hanging out in Everitt for most of my stay in Chambana - I got very familiar with Zorba's!\n\nWhat to say about it... Service is always great. The people that work there always seem happy and treat you well. Prices are totally reasonable. I went almost every Tuesday as it was cheaper on Tuesday. Their gyros are great - though if you get a normal gyro you will be left smelling, well, like a gyro. The chicken gyro never had that effect for whatever reason. So good.\n\nI went almost every Tuesday and I'd get a large normal gyro with a side of fries. I'd bring a textbook and study for an hour or two while enjoying my amazing food. Great place to study ( at least for me) as there was always enough noise to keep my mind from wandering - but little enough noise so that I could concentrate.\n\nNever eat here before a test. You'll go into a food coma and not do well on your test. I learned this the hard way. The very, very hard way.
Best dim sum I've had since NYC. We went around 1 so I wasn't sure if they would still have the traditional carts. They did, which was good and bad. We tried some fantastic things but you run the risk of not getting your favorites. We weren't too hungry, so we shared just 4 plates. We were seated right away and served jasmine tea. The carts came quickly and the servers were nice about telling you what everything is (as long as you can understand their accents, which I am not so good at!) There wasn't much variety and the same things kept coming around, but we liked everything they had. Overall we got almost everything I wanted (har how, shiu mai, potstickers), but I noticed the seasoned lady next to me had an orange menu that she ordered off of. Wish we had done that! \n\nOverall it was delicious, clean, easy to find (on the 3rd floor), and cheap (only $20).
This restaurant kept popping up on BlogTO so I decided that I should check it out.  A new Mexican place with a 2 tier outdoor patio?  Sounds pretty good to me!   \n\nDefinitey make reservations b/c as the new "it" place it gets PACKED.  We got a table for 2 outside on the first level patio.  The tables are tiny and squished together so you get to know your neighbours well.  In our case this was a good thing as we talked about the food with the couple beside us (who were just about to leave).\n\nWe ordered several tacos - a few each of the spicy mushroom, the shrimp and the chicken to share.  All in all they were ok but I felt they were lacking some acidity/zing to them.  They got a little soggy as well so a bit difficult to eat.  Nothing spectacular.  We also ordered the churros/ice cream on the advice of our table neighbours.  You can never go wrong with churros!  They were delicious but honestly it isn't hard to screw them up\n\nI think the draw of this place is the outdoor patios.  On the first level, the middle of the restaurant has those lounge-y outdoor garden patio sets where you can sink back and relax with your drink.  Very nice place to chill - right by the tiki bar.  Yes they have a tiki bar.  It's all things kitsch with the décor.\n\nThe service is really friendly if a bit slow, but understandable as it was slammed that particular Saturday.  \n\nI might come back for some drinks but I think I'll pass on the food unless I'm super hungry.
This place is about 1/3 the size of the old one. Although the location is better. Way to small and not enough games, wasting time just waiting. Service sucks! Sat down and waited 20 minutes before I had to call over the server. Ordered two soft drinks 20 minutes later still waiting... it's Saturday night! Management get your cap together with your scheduling, you should have more than one girl running the entire restaurant area!!
I've eaten here twice now.  Both times food was very good but service lacked a little.  Very young staff and not knowledgable of the menu or timing.  It's a good place to go if you are with people who aren't huge sushi fans.
It's been a long time since I ordered Papa Johns, now I remember why. The pizza was bland and not that hot. However, the real problem was the service. I made a mistake and double ordered some bread, good thing it was far superior in taste to the pizza. I also ordered and paid for 10 pizza sauce side dippers and receive NONE. I also asked for 10 parmigian packets and received NONE. looks like I'll stick with the other Papa!
My friend took me here and I was surprised this place has good subs. I've always been a fan of subway but this place is up there, too. The subs also taste healthier. It's a nice restaurant with a fire station theme to it which is neat. The pricing isn't too expensive but it is more than subway but it tastes good. The subs here have that fresh taste to them.
GameWork's team is incredible! We had our son's birthday party there today. For a couple weeks prior to I had spoken to/emailed with Samantha. She was always quick to respond & answer my MANY questions on our options. \nUpon arrival, she came out greeted us, got our party set up immediately in the restaurant as well as promptly set up the kids with their game cards. \nWe were then greeted by Jamie (server) who took our pizza/drink order. \nThere was a mistake on our order & timing of our food but the WHOLE  team made every effort to make it right. From Samantha to Charles to Ron to Chef Tommy, they all came out to not only introduce themselves but to correct the situation but make sure we knew they cared & would make our Gameworks experience a great one! And they certainly did!\nAll the kids had a fantastic time playing & it was a great party for my 11 year old. \nI would absolutely recommend a party at this GameWorks! \nThank you again to the staff for your amazing service!!
The slightly higher cost of their donuts is easily justifiable because you definitely get more for your money.  It is not an everyday donut but more of an occasional special treat.  Unlike other donuts I doubt that I would be able to eat more than one in a single sitting because it is a bit rich.  The ability to customize your donut adds a lot to the buying experience.  I will definitely go back if I am in the Dilworth neighborhood.  A very good first experience with Duck Donuts!
This is a unique restaurant. it was close to Japanese style but we are in the U.S. so its as close as your going to get. Pork belly, was on or in everything I ordered not hating. Well if you miss Japanese food or want to try some stop by this place. I talked to 2 waiters and they were both very nice and helpful. the decor was projected manga "Japanese cartoon" which was cool. great service and good food equals a great day.
Need Better Service/Management... \nWaited over half an hour while they cleaned 3 tables and the manager chitchatting with friends.  Then a server tell us that everything is reserved. \n\nOne of those places where they look at you and hope there's no eye contact and then look away... Bad Business! \n\nNo common courtesy to check on the people standing by the entry.
We ventured down here from Centennial as a last hoorah before back to school.  We had a good time on all the interactive games that were for the most part easy to understand and play for the little ones.  I do think that they could have used a few more pieces of equipment.  I understand that many of these machines cost as much as your moms Hyundai.  These machines are also very tempermental and see nothing but abuse from these super nerds who live in solitarey confinement playing Xbox 360 and only come out for cheesy gordita crucnches from Taco bell and a new Maxim magazine to masturbate to. \n\n This is a tough crowd to please.  My suggestion would have been to put in a Jack In the Box for gamer dietary needs, instead of another sub par restaurant with high prices.  This is the last thing Las Vegas needed.  You could have used that huge dining space to put in more revenue..... or credit generators. Gameworks you are located in one of the highest rent districts in all of Las Vegas.  You have come up with away to quickly ROI for the $500,000 in equipment you purchased.  Take a lesson from the nightclub industry the way to make money is on the booze.  Bottle Service!!! and VIP AREA!!!\n\nThe funnest game they had was the Pac Man air hockey.  We could have played this the whole time.  We will be back. It might be a while but we will.  Good luck to you Gameworks.  I appreciate what you bring to the valley, unlike all the other HATER SUPER GEEKS out there.
There is a reason it has a very busy lunch and weekend crowd- it's a reliably good, hearty, reasonably priced restaurant with no frills and good tasting. \n\nCash only can be a bit inconvenient at times,  but it is clearly posted when you enter so there is no surprise. \n\nThe pho is huge and the rice dishes are also good when flavoured to one's raste with the gambit of spices and sauces provided.
Had a quick stop with friends here as it was a Beer and wine tasting night.  I loved the Cranberry Beer and the Kings Cream Ale.  For 6 bucks I got  Panko crusted fries with chives and cucumber sauce.  Also a skewer of chicken and the beer!  My friend had a rice bowl with mango, avocado, black beans and corn in a light cucumber sauce.  Free appetiser was endamine-soybean pod with cinnamon and paprika.  Not too bad but was in the pod and the of was too chewy but the bean was great!  Not too bad for 6 bucks!  Rice bowls are 7 .
This is a chilling haven! you know the times when you just want to sip on tea, sit crosslegged on a persian rug with a book or play board games with friends. The time when you don't want to eat but nibble on your favorite popcorn and hummus dip!! This is it, friends this is the place for you. The staff are fantastic too I want to steal their outfits and their accent ( you get the picture!) very bohemian is what I am trying to say. The hookha here is tobacco free yet full of flavour seriously the best I have had and I have had way too many from the Mid East to Mexico. I didn't feel sick after also the price is great $13. Popcorn was sadly soggy but the tea made up for it ...how is it possible to get one type of tea here?!!! Even after spending 15 minutes deciding!
Finally came back to Red Koi since the sushi only switch to adding Vietnamese; I have been nervous the food would have suffered. All the same, still great quality ingredients. Our server was a bit scatterbrained and forgot to check on us server all times but was nice enough to make up for that...we are all human. The pho5 combo was excellent, only the tripe is cut so small it's hard to notice it being their. Sushi menu is overpriced. Nigiri is $6 for two slices, which I should add are delicious and expertly prepared, but at that cost could certainly manage to be bigger portions; the cuts were no bigger than your common revolving sushi bar. They added a thin sliver of lemon to the salmon that went a long way. We will be back, but hopefully by then they will have gotten larger tables more suited for the expanse of serving wear you will receive.
Good burgers and service but not spectacular. Both my son and I had the fish and chips last time both ended up getting sick. Burgers are good but I won't go back. Patio is nice and the place is clean.
Visiting from California and looking for something off the strip. The food was amazing! Came with a group of 6 and everyone loved their meals. You can't go wrong try this place!
Some of the best McDonald's I've had in years. Hot salty fries, crispy chicken nuggets and well maintained property.
The food is good but the service lacks big time. I placed an order and asked for not hot chicken Tika. I got an extra hot hot one. Maybe someone that speaks  English should pick up the phone.
We just went there and we have to say we hated it. The meat was undercooked. The pork was pinkish red. We asked for it to be changed. It was the same result. Everything was greasy. No flavour in any of the dishes we had. We are not fussy eaters and are adventurous eaters. Very disappointing
After all the hype, I was disappointed by the donuts. They are very cake-like and not gooey at all. I do like the flavor options, but I'd rather eat an original glazed from Krispy Kreme
I've been here several times since they opened a few months ago. They've got a good selection of toppings so you can create your perfect custom donut. The employees have always been friendly and patient and the store has always been spotless. I would come here a lot more if I lived closer.
I went to Playa Cabana with a relatively large group (12-13 people) and they were great. I had the Guaca Fresca, which was amazing. Large portion of guacamole (mild is actually not spicy at all), and the chips were delicious as well.\n\nFor the main, I had the Tacos De Pescado, which is the fish tacos. The tacos were on the sour-side of the taste palette, especially with the coleslaw in it. I would recommend not putting any more lime on it. The fish was very fresh.\n\nOverall, customer service was great as well.
Love coming here! Always busy but not a long wait to get a table. Service is fast and friendly. \n\nBroth is deep and flavourful and noodles are always perfect. The rice roll  plates are perfectly portioned and everything is always fresh. Solid place!
Tuesday Afternoon Burger Lunch Review.\nAlways liked the Villa. Neighborhood place without a lot of "Jukebox Stopping" when you walk in (you know, where you walk in and the record on the jukebox screetches to a halt and everyone stares at you.) \nCame in this Tuesday. Barkeep very friendly (as usual) told me of the Gyro special and the soup, but sadly, the fryer was D.O.A. NO FRIES. Well, ,ok by me, burger's the name of my game. Got the Bacon Cheese with Cheddar and the Greenage (Lettuce tomato), make the onions fried. Burger came hot and sassy. Can't complain about the taste, good as always, but the bun is another matter. Tasty, but it just couldn't stand up to the grease from the meat and the onslaught of fried onions and the juice of tomato. I would recommend it, especially for the cost, but if you go with a burger at the villa tap, skip the greenage and get your onions raw.
The classic chicken gyro is one of the simplest and best gyros I have ever eaten though the taste could have been more exotic. The Hooked deal of getting a meal in the cost of a gyro for take out is quite cheap and worth the price. Also I would recommend fish lovers to visit on Friday as they have some amazing deals and fish  dishes on friday.
Burger has a good taste, I ordered the Truffle Mushroom Swiss Burger, but it was small compared to some of the other chain burger joints.\n\nThe above burger, regular fries and regular drink was 11.03 with tax.
Wow! A waste if space! Most of atleast 20% of the games were out of order! Did you it did you not just open? It was way WAY over priced! They are sneaky about the way they do it too! Most games cost more then a dollar a piece! The place is set up horrible! Destiny is it will fail! Your no longer on the strip your in a local mall!  20 bucks 100 points a game takes 9 points 11 games 20 bucks! And we're talking a stupid ticket game that's over in 20 seconds! Same crap at chuck e cheese 20 cents....... No kidding!
This was the first place I checked out when visiting the new food court. While it's not the best Indian food, it's good enough and hits the spot.\n\nThe dishes had clearly been sitting for a while so they didn't taste as fresh as they could have, but I still enjoyed my meal. I'd like to try them again a little earlier in the day when maybe the food had just been prepared.
I ordered the unagi bowl to-go. The unagi to cooked lettuce ratio was really bad - half of my meal was soggy cooked lettuce covered in teriyaki sauce and I only had five slivers of unagi. If it weren't for the friendly staff, I would've given this place a 1 star. Will not be coming back.
Sooooo my co-work got me two donuts from here. I have heard people say how good they are..WELL LET ME SAY ITS FACTS!!! ALL FACTS! the donuts were sooooo soooo good!! \n\nWhy just 4stars?  Because see I did not go inside, I was told to go online and pick what I wanted on my donuts. Well I couldn't find all of the toppings they offer on the website. Which made me picking my own personal donut hard. I ended up picking one of their most popular donut.
I was introduced to Duck Donuts by a friend who lives in Raleigh. Hands down best donuts I've ever had. I'm from TN so I'm not able to have them often. On a whim, I decided to look up donut shops in Charlotte for our upcoming visit and there is one here!!  Just as delicious and fresh as I remember. The texture of the donut is like children's laughter....you can never get enough. Friendly, patient staff.
I've enjoyed my stays at this Sheraton.  The staff here were very friendly and helpful.  While the decor seems a little dated, the building and grounds are very clean and well kept.  \n\nIf you go to the bar for a drink, try to score a small basket of their very yummy homemade potato chips ... they are awesome!
These donuts.\n\n\nTHESE DONUTS.\n\n\nFresh, warm, wonderful donuts. How could you not love this place? It tools us awhile to narrow down our choices but we got a few different flavors and they were all fantastic. I see several visits in our near future (and subsequently to the gym).
Char is very close to my house. I went in on a Saturday to watch football. Only five other people in their, sat at the bar and ordered the spicy margarita, the bartender looked at me confused and said, "huh?"  I repeated my order and showed her the menu. The marg came in a pint glass and was a MESS chopped up jalapeño with seeds floating in it. It's a BAR don't they have a shaker/strainer?  I sat for a very long while before I got her attention to order their wings. The bartender made fun of me when I ordered them, she was laughing and mocking me saying "this girl says she wants some wings". They came out and were covered in way too much sauce. Half moon has much better wings had more choices of sauce.  I like the concept of this place and the way the bar is back-lit but there are a lot of other choices in the area with much better service and food.
Fuck GameWorks. It sucks. Arcade games are old and broken. Video game system sucks. Rental system uses stupid collateral system. Fucking card system sucks. Fucking GameWorks sucks.
Best sushi I've had in years. Awesome fresh Wasabi. Amazing squid! Try the princess roll, you won't be disappointed.
Today I took it upon myself to try out this pho place as I've been to about 10 different places around Toronto. First off, don't come here with any vegetarians, as they have little to no selection for veggie pho. At most pho places I order the Rare beef / beef ball rice noodle. It came very quick and I was so impressed with the noodle to meet ratio. I've been severely let down by most places around Toronto for this reason. Too much broth not enough good stuff. \n\nThe broth was delicious right to the end and the amount of meat was amazing. I'd say this is one of the better if not best pho places in Toronto. However two things threw me off (hence the not so perfect score) - There was not a mini dish to fill a little rooster sauce mix to dip the meat into, so I used one of the spoons. There was a fruit fly in the ice cold tea (since it's hot out now). Kinda a bummer, but the delicious pho stands true.
Been here a few times  and polite staff\nWith good service. Lovely British waitress worth a return trip\nFood is ok and since I go for brunch and may linger and read, not a problem. Very quiet\nPlace too  atmosphere pleasant\nFood is ok. Can't say spectacular though\nEnjoy!\n\nFoodnote: Sadly, the place went out of business shortly after I drafted this review.\nBalilff notice on door: :(
What the heck did I eat here? I'm drawing a blank on the viet name already, but it was S3 (special #3) which is only served on Monday-Thursday. \n\nIt was a stew with spicy broth, roasted carrots and big pieces of stewed beef. Noodles were thick. Beef and broth were delicious, a bit fatty but that's what makes it tasty. I didn't like the noodles/broth ratio, way too many noodles and not enough broth! mmm broth\n\nThey also have "Hue Style" pho on Friday-Sunday only, which I'd like to try out. Good winter foodage!\n\nService OK, food brought out very quickly (YES!!!) and prices pretty cheapo.
The manager michael was very helpful for showing me the way of the arcade machines and was very polite. Linda was super helpful to when my machine was acting weird she helped me. Erwin from esport made my stay in the eport lounge very pleasant from bringing me water or making sure everything was alright. And justin from food was amazing for good tasting food and bringing it out fast. Would recommend
For the cakes, 5 stars.\n\nFor the meals - not so much. \n\nI ordered the roasted lamb and was disappointed that is was not seasoned enough. After two bites, I pushed away my meal and sampled my friend's orders. It takes a very dull meal to stop me from at least attempting to eat it.\n\nFrom what I tasted, one out of the four orders was appetizing.\n\nNow on to the cakes. The cakes were very good. I would almost wish this restaurant specialized in cakes and desserts. That or bring up the standard of the meal to that of the cakes.
Never been in the area and decided to stop with some friends. Cool atmosphere, very nice help, food was perfect! Black and bleu burger was very good and recommended. Great stop!
The food is excellent, price is decent, and service is very good.\n\nThe sushi is always fresh and tasty, and I love the green tea they include with every meal, even if you're just waiting for your take-out to be prepared (they serve it for you to enjoy while you wait). The green tea comes with something like rice in it, and I love it.\n\nThe price for the most part is less than a buck a piece which is my general bench-mark for decently priced sushi (unless it's AYCE aka All You Can Eat).\n\nThe service is quick and efficient, and the staff has always been polite, every time I've visited this venue.
Great burgers, salads, and sandwiches. Although they just opened, service was quick. Using the garlic knots as buns is genius! Will definitely be back.
The food so far has been delish. Good friends good food. As far as service it's fine, food is awesome. But the company is better.
This is good food.  Flavored naans are well flavored.  The chicken makhani and lamb tikaa were excellent, and distinitctly flavored.  Some places seem to use the same spices in everything.  Not this place. They have an extensive wine list.  The service was wonderful.
I just had dinner here. \nThe service and cleanliness was great. \nThe food was ok. \nI ordered the following\n1. miso soup. - good flavor\n2. Jalapeño appetizer- surprisingly bland\n3. Arizona Roll - pretty good\n4. Spicy California Roll - average at best. \n\nAll in all - ok place to visit. I will continue to look for a better place.
This is a really cool looking place inside the restraunt! I liked how you can build your own taco's.  This is a good Mexican restaurant that Matt and I found on our way to subway tonight (we ate here instead). Barrio Restraunt in Cedar Fairmount Circle.
We stopped in for dinner on a cold night, initially wanting to get some Pho to go.  We arrived within 30 minutes of the restaurant closing (sorry), and didn't want to be a pain. Well, they were very friendly and accommodating. We ended up dining in, and getting appetizers and drinks, plus they offered to pack up our leftover soup to go.  Very happy this place is so close to home. Will definitely be going back for good food, service and prices!
Here last week to celebrate a birthday, going back tomorrow with  my extended family. Unbelievable service, tremendous selection of delicious food..from appetizers to desserts this is as good as it gets !!! When you are here IT IS FAMILY without a doubt !!
Good, but not to die for. They are the best donuts in town, but very sweet and very rich. Not a bad thing depending on who you are. Would recommend.
I never really had great service. The waiters were probably family and was never trained how to smile and interact with customers. But I came here once a week JUST FOR THE SUSHI. It was so amazing. Come to find out that they don't serve sushi anymore and turned into another joe pho place. I walked out and I'm not coming back unless they bring back the sushi menu.. \n\nTwo stars for su-shi. Otherwise, eh.
How can I describe my situation other than the most horrible customer service in the world waited no for pizza shows up after an hour and then driver was rude when I asked if this was the 30 minute old pizza we ordered ????? Called the manager which was a waste of time sure wish there was the owner I could talk too about this place lots of bad reviews gee I wonder why !!!! Big chain pizza store with terrible service maybe Papa John should focus on his stores instead of making commercials !!!!
For a fast-food restaurant, I have to give this place a 5 star rating.  I saw all of the past reviews and understood the reason for the low ratings.  My family and I were at the Verizon Wireless across the other side of the large parking lot; after 3+ hours of waiting in there, and we were STARVING.  Right across from this location is a Chic-Fil-A that we love but their parking area was full and the drive-thru line was long.  We saw this huge sign on this McDonald's "Grand Opening" and there were no more than two cars parked in their parking.  I remember reading the reviews but I knew the kids were starving and we all needed to use the restrooms as well.  So we crossed our fingers.... \n\nI don't know what it was, maybe it's because they felt changed, upgraded, or new but the staff was amazing!  Every single person actually seemed happy to be there.  They greeted us, took our order and we were handed over a pager.  (Guess it's better than yelling your name)  The restrooms were locked so when I asked for the "key" they pushed a button from the side wall and was advised it was unlocked and I could go ahead.  The ladies restroom was small but very clean.  Unfortunately, no paper towels to dry my hands with and so I had to grab the handle to open the door.  \n\nThe entire place was clean.  The soda fountain/ketchup area was very clean and in order.  Not a single dirty table or food anywhere on the floor.  The place is divided in half... the area with more tables and open seats (quiet area) and then the play area with more space between tables for parents/families.  They had comfortable chairs for the wheelchair accessible tables too.   \n\nIf you've been here before... give it another chance.  Yes, it's just fast-food.  There WILL be children but if you dine-in, there's plenty of comfortable seats away from the playground area.  We noticed that they had a lot of young children BY-THEMSELVES with no parents and no supervision around.  There was also a few homeless guests that stopped in but they were taken care of the same and they weren't bothering anyone.  I have nothing negative to say about this McDonald's.  We were hungry and our food looked and tasted good.  No soggy fries or over fried nuggets that have been sitting in old cooking oil - none of that.  \n\nAs I was taking pictures to share on Yelp... (I was spotted with my phone - lol)  a manager came up to me concerned, asking me if something was wrong.  I advised him that everything was fine.  He was actively involved assisting in the drive-thru as he was with the front registers.
This place is amazing been here about 5 times in the past month. I could be in here everyday and still not get tired of it! Just keep them shots of tequila coming and we're good! I'll try the food next time
Their pork sausage spring rolls (Nem Nuong Cuon) have crunchy wonton in them. Which I love! It's hard to find that in the valley. Very common thing to do when ordering at Vietnamese restaurants in the OC (Vietnamese Culinary Mecca). So it was a pleasant surprise when I took my first bite.\n\nEven though I'm Vietnamese, I'm not a big fan of pho. I was hoping they would have a large menu outside of Com (broken rice), Banh Mi, and noodle soups outside of Pho, like Bun Bo Hue, Bun Rieu, or Mi. No biggie because their broth was delicious and they are a new restaurant. I had talked to one of the employees about the menu expansion. They seek to do so in the future, so I'm excited.\n\nI would definitely come back here again with my Vietnamese folks for lunch or with friends when seeking a hangover remedy.. Haha. It's nice that they are open on Tuesday's because Pho Thanh and Da Vang would be closed. For whatever reason I crave Vietnamese food when they're not open.\n\nThanks Pho Noodles!
The sushi here is fine but nothing special. I placed an order for pick up. I had looked up the menu on two different websites. I ordered three roles to share with my husband and it was suppose to total $20. When I got there it was $28. When I told them that the prices online were different they just said they changed the menu recently. I asked if they had a menu I could take with me they said no. I don't think we will be back. There are better sushi places for the same price.
Just had lunch. It was delicious. The beef pho broth was perfect and my #30 was a nice hearty breakfast with a thin sliced, not over cooked pork chop, egg, pork/rice/spice loaf stuff, sandy noodles, dipping sauce, fresh lettuce, cucumber slices, and rice. Service was very quick - we were in and out in forty minutes but we got lucky because there was one table open when we arrived. The total for two with two spring rolls and tax and tip was $26, and we're both stuffed. It's medium noise level, and can accommodate a child though it's a very tight fit for strollers. All the stars.
Always a great place for pho and some traditional Vietnamese dishes. Better than most places in Chinatown (Broadview and Spadina). The service is quick and efficient and the food is always hot and fresh. There's usually people waiting at the door for a seat so it's not as friendly for huge groups as they only have 15ish tables. \n\nIf you like banh cuon, Pho Linh is one of the best. Rolls are tight with a thicker rice wrap than other places and always loaded with fresh herbs and bean sprouts. Their rice dishes are delicious but there's usually not enough rice for me. \n\nWhenever I'm on the west end and craving some Vietnamese food, Pho Linh is usually my go to.
A great place for gryos, their cucumber sauce is the best! I also like that they have different sizes of gyros so you can choose based on how hungry you are.
Let me start by saying that the food here is delicious and authentic. Fantastic taste experience. The rest however is what you'd expect from an Asian hole-in-the-wall kind of place. In short, get in and out, but definitely get in because if you really like Phó, the flavours are fantastic!
Wow what a change I thought. Wow it's so clean and fresh I thought. Wow the people are so friendly and helpful I thought. This remodeled Mcds is the bomb I thought. Up until halfway through my meal and the Mgr announces we all must leave IMMEDIATELY. No explanation, no REFUNDS, no NOTHING. Just that the owner said. So apparently it's still a cluster here and absolutely nothing has changed. Great Customer service people, STELLAR!!!! I will be emailing and calling until I get MY REFUND!!!
All day dim sum, on carts with good variety and very reasonably priced, fed 4 for C$32+\n\nInside is nice and big and spacious, with the push carts something of nostalgia - can't get these in many places now, so I love seeing them bring the delights of dim sum over and try and sell their wares :)\n\nGlad I was recommended this place, take the lift to the 3rd floor where they are located, or there are stairs too.
I've been trying to visit this gem for months and I finally made it during Sunday rush.  Despite the cheerful chaos and I line nearly out the door, service was prompt and pleasant.  The donuts are quality! They aren't too "cakey" or dry.  They're wonderful light buy surprisingly filling. The glaze and topping combos you can create are so fun.  And although in sure its been stated many times,  try the maple glaze with bacon on top.\nAlso,  this shop it's located in such a cool area. Treat yourself to an exploratory walk after you visit.
So let's start off by saying that this new location at town square in my opinion sucks!  I liked that it was on the strip before because it was more for adults. The reason I gave it two stars because we got a good deal of one large pizza (though the food sucks) and 4 one hour game cards for $40, not bad. Otherwise the place is small , food sucks, and effin kids all over the place who cut you in line because you are an adult and there for don't play games ? (Sarcasm) So its another chuckee cheese but with a different name. If you don't get the $40,deal then its $20,for  100,credits how long is that? Idk it doesn't say .
1st time coming and the food was GREAT! Mac n cheese, curry goat, jerk chicken, rice and peas, plantin and cabbage.the jerk wasnt that spicy(i think its bc of the sauce they put on it) but it had great flavor, the curry goat had the perfect spice kick to it and the only thing im disapointed in is that i couldnt get more mac and cheese bc they ran out. Ill def. Be going back soon.
Ok service. Bad food. Over expensive. Need I say more???
So good!!!! Love seeing the west side get some authentic and friendly businesses. Ramen was the best I've had in Arizona period and the service was absolutely excellent. Can hardly wait to go back - so much flavor and depth! They care and it shows.
Yum! Yum! To my Tum...Tum... Today was my first time in and I am Pho Crazy about this place. The small menu has a variety of many options to choose from. If your a vegetarian, seafood or meat eater you will find something here. Today I ordered the Chicken Soup and my friend ordered Teriyaki Chicken. My soup was served fast while pipping hot. Had all the vegetable fixins with it. The broth was amazingly flavored. I dipped my fork into my friends platter and let's say I am ordering that when I come back. The sauce on the Teriyaki Chicken has a hint of something to give it a nice kick. \n\nPrice point was perfect for every budget. My soup was $6.95 and my friends order was part of the lunch special for $9.95. Which included rice and steamed veggies that came with the Teriyaki Chicken. \n\nThe staff was very welcoming and friendly. Service with a big smile.
We were so excited to come in seeing that there was an article written up about Game Works. We came in, bought a card and then started browsing for games. I would say every other game was broken. This is the worst arcade I've ever been to. Save your money and go elsewhere.
Amazing customer service, employees are friendly and kind \nThey don't cut back on toppings like other locations. Pizza always tastes good and whenever there's a problem they're very quick to fix
Terrible service. I ordered chicken teriyaki and fries that I wanted as an appetizer. The fries were forgotten and never brought out. The chicken was rubbery and the rice was too chewy I will never spend my money here ag
Just sayin there are NO places serving Tzatziki like this place. The owner was there to tell me that its homemade and he has hopes of bottling it and I hope he does as I will def. buy some more next time I'm back visiting.  \n\nSure, Niros Gyros exists, but this place has the closest truly authentic Greek food experience in town. Note, only 2 places in town to get Tzatziki. \n\n\nGet your Gyros, greek salad n friendly service at this place. And fries, if that is your jam. \n\nBut FYI, the owner is looking to sell :( and while I am tempted to move back, the service from Millennials is dicey at best and I would be a bitch of a boss. \nBut I'm happy to see that the owner has the patience to manage this plucky group of staffers and get them on board to make this place worth a repeat dine-in visit.\n\nNotice that it's worth the price compared to the corporate sandwiches and burgers that surround it, besides Murphys, which has the dumbest staff, but is also a mainstay on Green. \n\nAnd NO ONE else sells Gyros for your hangover on Green St besides Zorba's.
Oh Gameworks. When will I learn to stop holding you to such high, reasonable, expectations...\n\nMy first awful experience with this place was back in January of 2015. We went for my little brother's birthday, and he was super excited to win a prize from the arcade. When we told our waiter this, he offered us the all you can play for 2 hours pass, and we thought: "perfect, we can earn a bunch of tickets and get him something fun!" It wasn't until the two hours ended and we tried to redeem our tickets that we were informed we did not win any tickets, the pass just gave us unlimited game play. My brother was heartbroken, and we walked out empty handed, and when we complained to the front desk they refused to do anything for us, and told us we should have specifically asked the waiter. What?! I wrote this same review on their facebook page, and management never responded. I have sworn off going here since then, but last night I decided to give it another shot since my fiance wanted to play some games for his birthday. \n\nI would give this experience two stars as well. A lot of games were not working, and the games that did work were EXPENSIVE. I get that it's in a tourist-y area, but really? 9 credits for one game where you don't get a substantial amount of tickets? It's not like the prizes you offer are anymore reasonably priced, and the cheap prizes are dollar store things. \n\nAlso, management decided it would be advantageous to dust their ceiling off as my fiance and I were standing right next to them. We were playing a game when dust just came pouring down on us - seriously?! You couldn't warn us first? Afterwards, when we walked away, the manager made eye contact with us, saw us covered in dust, and didn't say anything. I was appalled. \n\nI have tried to like this place, but I just can't. I know D&B has had some issues in it's first few weeks, but I would rather spend my time there then spend anymore time at Gameworks - they've been open for at least two years and they still can't get it together.
The chicken was tender however the jerk sauce was terrible. If the sauce wasnt watered down aka runny, i would have given it five stars. The rice and peas and macaroni and cheese was good
Absolutely fantastic donut spot. Can get crowded but cranks out the orders quickly. Zebra with coconut is the bomb.
i used to eat the gyros here as a student and loved them...now that i'm all grown up i still love to eat here but i just eat the veggies on a pita with that yummy cucumber sauce and still love their fries.  i think what i love about this place more than the food is the fact that every single time i come here, i run into a friend, who is likely another uiuc alum, who happens to also have ended up living here, we strike up a conversation and realize the place feels even better when you're not procrastinating studying for an exam.
The quaint atmosphere and super friendly staff were fantastic. Great margaritas, good price, great food. Tacos were sobgood we ordered twice. It is a bit tight between tables but everyone was very kind about it.
Best burger in town! And whether you get the truffle fries or the potato cake you won't be disappointed! Patio seating for dining when the weather is nice. Great place to bring visitors from out of town.
Last night we went to Charr where they had 2 live music bands playing. As always the food was great, the place was packed and we had a lot of fun!!!!!!
Excellent food, higher price but well worth it! Service was good as well. The outside patio also makes for a great environment for a little lunch date!
Great for the whole family. Parents can relax at the bar, sports TVs galore, restaurant, and comfy couches. Bowling alley too. Hope they open one in Huntington Beach, Ca.
Amazing donuts. Great service with smiles. Will definitely go again and so should you.
The place only opened a few weeks ago and is lovely, eclectic and low key. They have all sorts of tasty teas, adorable teapots and an intriguing menu (Poutine soup you say? why yes, it IS fantastic!).  The vibe is cozy and bohemian and everyone I've brought there so far has loved it!\n\nThis is not a place to grab and dash, but rather bring a notebook and/or friends and have a lovely afternoon/evening.  The owners are friendly, fun, and accommodating and just generally great people to hang out with.  See the other reviews for more detail on teas and food, I can't recommend strongly enough!
I can imagine that on weekends and holidays, the dining room at Dim Sum King is packed to the gills.  However, today at 2:30 pm between the hours of lunch and dinner, I sat at one of five occupied tables in this very large dining space.  \n\nWhat drew me to Dim Sum King?  Well, I was thoroughly enjoying the one of a kind experience of strolling through Toronto's Chinatown, and the need for food hit me like a cuttle fish swing to the face.  As I walked eastward on Dundas, I had many an option - Chinese BBQ, bubble tea, dim sum.  Hmmm.. the urge to go to the restaurant where I'd most likely be the only "round eye" overcame my appetite, and dim sum won.  So I climbed the stairs to Dim Sum King.\n\nIt did take a while for my server to collect my sheet of paper.   My water glass was also barely refilled as I ate up my too-much-for-one-person order of dim sum.  I ordered a noodle roll filled with duck, custard buns, fried pork spring rolls with taro, and a tofu roll with more meat etc. in it.  I found all to be really enjoyable, the noodle roll probably being my favorite.  \n\nThis was a 2:30p meal, so it was not the prime time to witness classic dim sum carts being pushed around.  However, there is a HUGE bonus to going to Dim Sum King outside of busy hours.  Before lunch, between lunch and dinner, then after dinner, Dim Sum King has what it calls Dim Sum Happy Hour... where each order of dim sum is only $2!!! Holy moly!!!  I ordered four different tasty items for a mere $10!  It seemed like a steal.  \n\nWhile I enjoyed the food and the staff was certainly pleasant although not the most attentive, my guess is that better dim sum does exist somewhere in the world.  Probably right here in Toronto.  However, paying $2 for each item during Dim Sum Happy Hour is enough to recommend Dim Sum King.
Proof you can get the best Italian beef sandwiches outside of Chicago.  I can't speak for the rest of the menu only because of the ten or so times I've been here I only ordered the beef.   The Italian beef is definately a five star sandwich.  The hot peppers on top is a must.
Very beautiful atmosphere with fantastic views!! went for the weekend brunch which was really tasty. I had one of the breakfast sandwiches that had a nice jam spread and a prickly pear mimosa. I can't wait to return for sure to try more things off of their menu.
The ramen was really good. I enjoyed the broth a lot, the poem was good. Excellent service\nWas provided.
I feel like I'm missing something when I don't come here at least once a week.  love this place!  I can't get enough especially since my friends and I discovered they have a special happy hour menu.  At this point, we don't even need to look at the menu.  I love the chilli naan, chilli paneer, tandoori fish, and samosa.  You might be thinking Whoa...hold on tiger, that's a whole lotta food.  Yes! it is.  I always have leftovers from this place for the next day!  Yum!!!
Would give this place 0 stars if that were possible. Food sucks, service sucks, the atmosphere as soon as you walk in sucks. Everything sucks about this place. Hopefully it closes down, it's literally an eyesore because I'm reminded of the incredibly terrible one-time service I visited. I'd advise everyone to stay away unless you fancy crap service and food.
Ate here for the first time the other night with my wife. It was happy hour so we stuck to the rolls on special. To our delight everything was great. The tootsie roll was our favorite but we also liked the calamari roll and the spicy tuna.  The only knock was the seaweed was way too chewy had it been better I would give it 4 stars. We will eat here again for sure.
The margarita was mediocre. Definitely not the best I've had. I had the carnitas burrito, my burrito was really good and huge. My sister had the fish tacos, they were ok, certainly have had better. My sisters bf had the chicken wings (I know who orders chicken wings here but he is always a bit iffy about trying new things) the chicken wings took forever also they were the worst chicken wings I have ever had. We waited for our whole order a long time probably 30 mins. What really left the worst taste in my mouth was the server. He never checked on us, he delivered the food and the next time he came he was packing up the food. He didn't ask why only one chicken wing was eaten. He just gave us the bill. We asked for it to be split into three, and then I realized he had added a side of beans on the bill, he took it off and that was no problem. After my sister had already paid her third and left him a decent tip, and her bf asked for his change when he gave him a 100 dollar bill. He came back and asked was there anything wrong with the service? Cuz now he has to pay for our meal because the kitchen takes 16%. Honestly I'm a server too and it sucks when people don't tip, especially when you go above and beyond. But my sister had already left him about 8 bucks and he had the nerve to say anything because he asked for his change. How did he know how much he was gonna leave on the table. I hadn't paid yet too, it was the worst ending to a nice night we were having. Also I think he charged me more for the burrito, it said 19 and now that I think about it I'm pretty sure the carnitas burrito said 17. I guess that's why he took the receipt away right away. In conclusion, not coming back here again
I've had pho here a few times, it's mediocre. They have gotten orders wrong so many times. This is the last time I will be coming here because they have terrible service and they served me a water downed version of the passion fruit juice. This was the only reason to come, it wasn't even filled to the top anymore. The lady in charge is rude and clearly doesn't care for recurring business. Don't waste your time on terrible service. As soon as we sat down she got mad because we told her we would only be needing drinks. She got our order wrong, didn't fix her mistake. And my passion fruit juice was watered down!!!!! I'm done with this place.
Went to check this out with a groupon. Food was fantastic. Service excellent. I would go back for sure. A pleasant surprise.
Clean place fast service good food! loved the waitress she was fast and attentive one of the best waitresses I've had in a very long time!  Good job Helen!! staff is friendly make you feel welcomed i defiantly recommend this place.
Loved the patio. Location is far from downtown but worth it. Reasonably priced drinks and food. The ceviche was differnt but really good. Chips and dip were all great. \n\nSkip the crab taco, fried and you couldn't taste the crab much. Everything else was good. Service was slow but they had just opened a month before I went and they were VERY busy for a Tuesday night.
Delicious Vietnamese food. The garlic steak was great. The Mi Kho was awesome. Perfectly slice pork and shrimp on noodles with fresh bean sprouts. The springs rolls were really good too. Full of pork, no skimping here with a sweet dipping sauce. My husband got a rainbow roll, it was good but a bit smaller than we're used to, but still tasty.\nAll in all a good meal!
As I sit here enjoying my pizza I must tell you I'm a critic. I grew up in new haven ct and nyc the 2 pizza capitals of the world. \n\nThis place was great! Nothing like the rest of PA. \n\nI moved to pa and had given up. The store bought sauce, the undercook dough the many things they called pizza that disappointed me turned me to a frozen pizza guy to get in my cravings for this Italian American staple in my life. \n\nThe owner here should be proud. The cheese was great. The sauce wonderful and the crust perfect. The cheese slice I had was great. \n\nI do have to say the canned mushrooms on the mushroom and pepperoni I had were chewy and I'll pass next time but the cheese slice was on point. \n\nBravo.
My recent "Must go" HK style resturant , so far nothing failed me.
Walked over from CMC hospital- terribly disappointing - donut was greasy and bacon (maple bacon) was soggy- have had better donuts from nearly every other donut shop I have visited.
The closest we will get to a Dave and Busters in Vegas.  The food here is pretty good and the option for the game card with your meal is available.
Fresh. Custom. Donuts. Classic donuts with your choice of coatings, toppings, and drizzles, warm from being freshly made while you wait.  Don't go there for your Long Johns, eclairs, bear claws, and other "fancy" bakery items, because they don't have them.  But with fresh donuts, why would you want those things?
Three words: Maple. Bacon. Donut. Life-changing. Can't say enough good things about this place. Get there early (pre 9am) on a weekend to avoid a long line. Make sure you know what you're want before you get to the register so as not to annoy the long line of people behind you ...
The burgers at this place are fantastic and the truffle fries are thin, crispy and decadent. They have a nice selection of beer on tap and a full bar. Salads are maybe a bit run of the mill. The wings are served with a sweet sticky sauce on them and my preference is a crisp fried wing with light sauce so I typically don't eat wings here. The service is friendly and if you go later in the evening (7:30-onward) it is more lively.
Got a groupon for an all day pass and a $10. play card. Many types of games and an all day card allowed us to play for a couple of hours go eat lunch and come back for another hour and half. Was so much better than losing at the slots. Came home with a Domo dressed as a bee.
My first experience with Tandoori Times amounted to a combination of poor service, but excellent food.
I am really impressed by this new tea house! The building is so cute on the outside, but there is lots of space inside! \n\nThe decor is really warm and inviting. You can go in find a place to settle and the owners are incredibly friendly and helpful.\n\nI tried the faerie's blood tea and it was full of flavour! This is not your run of the mill tea shop. When you get tea here expect a well crafted tea with depth. There are lots of teas to choose from, I look forward to coming back and trying more!\n\nI had the pita and hummus with a house salad and a decadent chocolate cake. They pay attention to detail even with their food! \n\nThey are starting a Monday night craft circle. I was able to participate and learned some great knitting tips!\n\nI didn't play any games this time, but they seemed to have a great selection. \n\nI will definitely be coming back.
This place was absolutely delicious and the way that this restaurant was decorated is so cute! How can you put your fork down with a pasta this good? I'm glad we came here today because we're definitely going to come more often. Thank goodness it's just down the street! If I can rate 5 or more stars, then I would.
I am glad I went once but I don't necessarily need to go again. \n\nPROS\n1) Service was VERY attentive and friendly. \n2) The ambiance was great - excellent vibe and could have hung out on the patio all day!\n3) This is a great place to come for a fun night out. \n\nCONS\n1) It is overpriced for what it is. I felt I was paying for ambiance more than anything else. \n2) Of the bunch of different tacos I tried (4 in total); they were similar in taste and not particularly distinct in flavour \n3) Lacked authenticity and the menu items are a classic case of the gentrification of 'Mexican' food
My first tip-off should have been that my menu had a large chunk of food on it. My second tip-off should have been that my water glass had food on it, too. My third tip-off should have been that the people two tables away from us finally had to go up to the register to pay, and then before ordering food, that the coffee was absolute crap. Yet, my fiance and I were in it for the long haul (little did we know how long). After about 20 minutes the server took our order. It didn't take so long to receive the food, but that's probably because there was a lot of crepe and few ingredients (although I must admit that my fiance's Norwegian was better than my Parisian which still had lukewarm, not entirely melted cheese). After asking for a refill on water, our server came by the six table space three times without coming back to our table. How does one catch the attention of a server who avoids eye contact with her customers as much as possible? When it was time to get the bill, the table next to us just shouted to get theirs, so we resorted to doing the same. When we finally got our bill and attempted to pay, their credit card machine was being rebooted. After about 10 minutes, my fiance walked up to the register to find out the credit card machine wasn't working, period, and he had to walk to the ATM down the street. Okay, so it's not their fault that the credit card machine died, but the nonchalant demeanor of this server was incredible. To make up for the credit card issue, they gave us a scoop of mocha gelato, which had the flavor of graham crackers and chocolate chips (they charge $60 for a tub of this stuff, by the way). So yeah, we could've left before it all fell apart, but we were super hungry and we wanted to be open minded. It was a purgatory of mediocrity.
This place has potential to be a great location for family fun, however, the lack of service (extremely slow) and the quality of food is much to be desired.\nI had a party of 5 and we got seated quickly but it took no kidding 10-15 min for a server to come to our table. \nAfter a bit you just stop asking for things because it takes so long.\nThe layout of where the dining in relation to the kitchen or service booth is too spread out.\nThis place has the starting of a good thing but I probably won't come back. The first time I gave them the benefit of doubt but the second trip pretty much made the decision for me that this is how gameworks operates.\nSo, in my opinion just come here for the games don't come here for the food. It's just not worth it.
I love to come here for lunch, the portions are very generous! Delicous Smoked meat sandwiches, I cant say comparable to the real deal at Shwarts in Montreal of course, but this place comes close. I always get one of their sandwiches, but their spaghetti is great too. Cherry Coke? Hells yes baby. Oh, and fantastic service too!
BEST katsu udon boodle soup EVER. Nuff said. The secret is TRULY in the broth!
Great spot for lunch. \nNice view of the strip. \nYou order your food, they give you and number, pick your seat and wait.  \nFriendly staff. \nI had the turkey melt with avocado-very good.  \nOutdoor seating is available.
So, it's not fair when I review this place because I was the Guest of Honor at a convention and they took me here. \n\nAnd it was GOOOOOD!!!!!\n\nThe dinner was arranged, so there was no ordering, but the start was Peking Duck, which was spectacular, and then a diced duck that was amazing. I loved the pancakes that came with the duck. The abalone was unexpected, and while a bit chewy was BIG flavor! I enjoyed the Crab Rangoon-y thing (there was no menu I saw, so I am guessing at a few names) and the Tea-smoked chicken was the ideal! The dessert, a sesame ball, was amazing, far better than the Red Bean Paste versions that I love in the Bay Area. \n\nGreat stuff, and the next time in Toronto I'll be going back!
I really want to love this place. I went once for lunch and once for dinner. The beef on the Vietnamese sandwich had the consistency of rubber bands. The spring rolls are exceptional. The lemongrass chicken was bland, and a beef/noodle/vegetable dish was mostly flavorless noodles. Service is friendly and efficient. The lighting is florescent and harsh, and the place can feel loud and cramped when it's busy.
My family and I were visiting Toronto from the United States and decided to dine here. I've been to so many dim sum restaurants at various Chinatowns around the world, and I can say that the service here was terrible and the food was subpar. I don't expect much from restaurants in any Chinatown, but this was probably one of my most disappointing dim sum experiences. \n\nThis place was packed on a Saturday morning, but there were maybe 2-3 dim sum carts circulating at a time. The wait time to get food was very long. At one point, one of the carts came out of the kitchen and people got up from their seats to retrieve food from the cart, because that was the only way you'd actually get food. Eventually, we got things like steamed and fried dumplings, shumai, chicken feet, and tripe. Everything tasted average, and nothing really stood out. \n\nWe were here for much longer than we should've been. Yes, it was busy but it would be more understandable if there had actually been more dim sum carts circulating. We'll probably try a different restaurant next time we're in the area.
Chico's Villa Tap is my favorite fish fry in Madison.  They offer cod, walleye, perch, and JUMBO fried shrimp.  The cod is my personal favorite with the shrimp a close second.  Get your baked potato loaded. \n\nThe Villa Tap is pretty small - I love going in on a Friday night just to see how a kitchen that small (it takes up a small portion of space behind the bar) puts out so much food consistently well.  Always worth the wait. \n\nThe staff is super; always smiling, joking, and happy to fill your glass!  \n\nI also had a tasty Bloody Mary my last visit.
We usually come here when Cora's is super busy and don't wanna wait or don't feel like driving out.\n\nI have been here many times and they seem to be slipping each time. This will be my last.\n\nThere is one particular waitress that seems to drag the place down and this time she had help.\n\nWalked in and noticed there were a few tables open. Made eye contact with said waitress but she pretended not to see us. Got seated soon after when her collegue saw us.\n\nI ordered the big breakfast, which I normally do here and at other establishments,  and the wife ordered eggs with bacon. Simple order, right? To them it was asking them to build a spaceship.\n\nWell, this visit carried much of the same experience from the previous trip. We waited 20 minutes and nothing. Wife flagged down one of the girls and asked for our food. Told us 5 more minutes. Are you F-ing kidding me!?! \n\nMy bacon was over done to point it just fell to pieces. While the wife's looked undercooked. I noticed that my pancakes were sitting under the heat lamps waiting for the rest of the food, exactly like the last time, for so long that the butter packets melted!\n\nWhat was worse is that even though they sat there for so long they still tasted undercooked!\n\nThe only thing this place has going for them is large portions...but what's the point when the food sucks and the service sucks even more.\n\nI'll gladly pay a bit extra and go to Cora's down the street.
Tandoori Times\n\nVolume 1, Issue 1, Number 1.  Limited run.  Copyright 2009, Mejimbo Enterprises.  All Rights Reserved.  \n\nDateline 7 May 2009\nScottsdale, Arizona\n\n    Yelpers Jim W and Audrey W were reportedly seen enjoying lively conversation and delicious Indian food with Donald S and Carin S.  Witnesses claim the group was laughing loudly at times.  One bystander reported, "That was a guffaw.  That outburst right there was definitely a guffaw.  Wild stuff."\n\n    Sources have related to this publication that the group dined on two appetizers, one known as a bread basket which consisted of four types of naan bread.  Jim W was overheard to say, "I really like the onion naan."  The other appetizer may have been Aloo Tikki.  This has not been confirmed as yet.  In any case the plate containing the reported Aloo Tikki was cleaned by the foursome, several even going so far as to swab at the remaining sauce on the plate.\n\n    The above sources also reported that the table was served an order of the Friday daily special of Kahari Shrimp.  It was overheard by a nearby table that the shrimp was "...flavorful with strong notes of garlic and ginger."  This has not substantiated, however.\n\n    Audrey W reportedly was served the Lamb Korma which she was rumored to have noted was "Yummy."\n\n    Carin S apparently was served the Chicken Masala and Donald S may have been served some sort of Vindaloo that included potato.  It seems there was considerable sharing of the dishes around the table and the main dishes may have been spooned over what some experts have suggested was a basmati rice with various herbs and spices.\n\n    An unnamed source has informed this publication that while Jim W claims to have particularly enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere which included a belly dancer and some swordplay, he was displeased with the excessive sound level produced by the in-house sound system and even requested that the music be reduced.\n\n    Jim W's blog had a statement this morning that read, in part; "...ears haven't hurt the next morning like that since my last rock concert.  I really liked the food but I wouldn't go back on a night when they have dancing again."
This place pho is very good. Their pho broth is good. Price is inexpensive. The place is very small and loud. This is not a good place if you want to relax and enjoy your meal. When they are very busy, there will a line out the door. Avoid going in the weekends and lunch hours.
So I took my daughter there for breakfast and some practice. Eaten at this place before and it was good. Service was decent.  Waitress says cooks not here he is late. I asked if she has apple juice and ice tea, apple juice for my daughter. She shot me a look and in a dismissive voice says we don't have any.  I said forget it and left. How bout ya don't open if you don't have a cook? How about you are at a driving range you need some kind of something for kids. Not all kids drink soda. Get it together, get some people who care.
Killer draft selection, killer sushi, great salads, local flair. This place is a little gem in York County.
Just reopened since the old one closed by the mgm\nThis place would be a cool distraction from a night of gambling\nThey got redemption games some pinball and bowling\nI'm sure I'll be bringing my kids here
LOVE Zorba's. I was so happy when it reopened. The remodeled place is a bit smaller than the old space and it doesn't flow well, but that is just cosmetic. The food is still fantastic and the prices are reasonable.
From other reviews, this is a hit-or-miss place.  As Charr is near where we live and restaurant choices are not very good, we gave this try on a Wednesday night. \nEasy parking.  Great ambiance.  Nice patio with a fire pit.  Got seated promptly.  Good start.  Water came.  Weren't familiar with the menu so we didn't order immediately. \nTook a long time for the server to come back.  My water glass was empty again. We ordered a burger with avocado extra ($1).  Our menus were different and it wasn't clear that fries came with your order. It does in most places.  Ordered a flat-iron steak sandwich with bleu cheese---very good.  Enough for two small appetites.  The burger was overdone; no avocado, and a dried out bun.  A pile of "truffle" fries were placed in the middle of the table.  No dipping sauce (most upscale places offer that).  Wait staff was scarce in an almost empty restaurant.  Had to leave the table and go into the restaurant from the patio to get a check.  Commented that I felt invisible.  The waiter chuckled (wrong emotion). He gave us a small discount.  One can run up a big check here when you add in drinks and side orders of fries. But the quality does not justify these prices.   We are very generous tippers when service is good.  Our tip:  $0.00.  Another tip: Avoid this place.\n\nFinally, a friend shopping at the nearby Safeway ran into a customer buying truffle oil spray (an employee from Charr).  They spray the oil on the friends--voila truffle fries. \nCan't imagine this place surviving with service and practices like this to go with high prices.
3.5* \nThe greatest bonus about Pho Linh appears to be the large variety of modestly priced desserts and shakes available on the menu. In fact, one might argue that there is much greater variety offered in this category than for the main courses. The buzz of the blender being used mainly for the popular passion fruit smoothie was a bit of a bother on a hungover Sunday afternoon, but the restaurant is otherwise very clean and pleasant.\n\nThe variety of delicious rolls are a good value at $2 a piece. As for the Pho itself, they have several items with meatballs in it. I would navigate away from these and stick to the typical pho tai, or the Pho Linh variety that also includes pieces of chicken! The broth at Linh is quite thick and delicious, though the beef happens to be a bit thick and overcooked compared to what I'm used to. \n\nThe final note is that the non-pho dishes show a very heavy bias towards pork, in sausage, shredded, or other formats. Aside from a few items with fried chicken, there is not much to choose in terms poultry or seafood based main courses. \n\nOverall a great pho spot that is a bit off the beaten path, and offers good value for the items they specialize in.
I was visiting my Mother and had a few hours before I needed to go to the airport, so I suggested that we pop by the Phoenix Art Museum and have lunch at the café. I liked that they have a sticker "pass" at the museum's front desk, so that we weren't asked to pay the museum entrance fee just to go to the café. (We also went into the gift shop; I figured it would be okay with the museum for us to spend more money.) Even though it was a Tuesday, there seemed to be a lot of waitstaff, so we got fairly individual attention. I had the Cuban Press sandwich and my mother had the Curry Chicken Salad sandwich; both were very good, with generous portions. It's true that the prices are high, but for whatever reason I love eating in museum restaurants, so I expect that and don't mind.
Check out their mutter paneer, and the curries.  Complimentary chai- just walk up to the bar and serve yourself.  Order some naan.  Excellent paneer wrap with tamarind sauce.  If you're looking for good value, check out their daily specials (small-sized entree, side salad, naan, and rice).  For those with a sweet tooth (like me!), try their HUGE pieces of gulab jamun... mmmm!\n\nOne huge caveat that begs the question of the authenticity of the meals served at this restaurant-- the appearance of beef in the menu.  Holy cow!  This is the main reason I haven't gone back.  Therefore, when I'm dining in Scottsdale, I am either at Jewel of the Crown or Indian Delhi Palace on McDowell.
Das Plenum gibt es schon lange, aber im Juni 2016 wurde es unter der Leitung von Benz & Co. Catering neu eröffnet. \nMitten in der Stadt in Schlossgarten und Landtag gelegen und daher auch für Besucher der Oper ideal. Die Gastronomie hat uns überzeugt. Gelassenes und sehr gepflegtes stilvolles Ambiente, hervorragend geschultes Personal, die Karte in ihrer Überschaubarkeit vielfältig und Änderungen gar kein Problem. Wir hatten Milchkalbsleber und Kaninchen, beides sehr schmackhaft. Der Wein dazu jeweils eine Empfehlung, die wunderbar gepasst hat. ---Fazit: gerne wieder.
I like Affinito's! It's pretty much guaranteed that my family will go at least once each time I go visit my parents. I've tried something different each time, and the Italian salad and Pasta Primavera really stand out as delicious entrees. \n\nThe service has always been great, they are very courteous and attentive. It does tend to get busy around 6:30 or 7 (at least when I've been there, which is usually during typical vacation times) but I've never had a problem getting a table if we've been there early.\n\nBonus: If you sit outside, they bring you butt pads for the chairs because they are super uncomfortable otherwise.
We stopped by after the annual fall plant sale as we were having a food crash. I was not expecting much...boy what an incredible treat this place is. \nI ordered the burger and my husband got the chilaquiles off the brunch menu. We enjoyed our meal so much we stopped by again on Monday since we were in the area. This time we split a burger and a wedge...the wedge was beyond delicious and HUGE ! They nailed it, hard boiled egg sprinkles all over, small cherry tomato halves and sliced cucumber with drizzles of dressing, some kind of amazing goodness. We split a small cup of tomato bisque, so delicious.\nThis is our new go-to spot ! We love Springs Preserve and adore Divine Cafe...
The good\nFood Is Amazing!\n\nYounger guy taking our order actually listened to my 8 yo when he wanted to order his food! I appreciate this as many adults ignore kids...he also asked him what he wanted for his side's. He gets a gold star for being a good person!\n\nThe bad\nAs we are a large family (6 of us) my mom and I went to try it just us...we loved it. Delish!\nSo a few days later we bring the whole family. thats with 3 kids. We ordered. We sat...we waited...and waited...and then they come out with 1 order at a time...starting with the adults...so i have 3 kids...hungry...with one of them being a 2 yo...and here are the adults with food and not them.\n\nI may go back without the kids...we will see...but I don't think I will be in a rush. We like to all eat together...and if your going to bring it out separately. Bring the kids 1st!
Reserved my sister's birthday party online a week and a half in advanced. To secure your booking, they call you and get your card info & charge you half of what's due for a deposit. \n\nWhen they called me about the bowling party (it took a few times for us to finally get in touch) they asked me to pick two colors for party decor. 3 days before the party, they ask if we want to add any other guests or party platters.\n\nThe party was $25/kid and included 90 minutes of bowling, shoe rental, party decor, pizza, cookies, & soft drinks. Each person who RSVPd also got a one hour game card that they could start whenever they wanted, as long as it was the day of the party. \n\nThere was a lot of seating & tables for all of the guests. There was even a separate table for presents. Our party of ~20 kids got 3 lanes to bowl. The food that came with the package was good enough for the kids + a few parents. The only extra food we ordered were nachos. \n\nEbony was our server and she was so patient and friendly with our big group of 8-11 year olds. \n\nA few things you should know:\nThe party does not come with invites; however the manager Janai sent me their logo to work with for some 'DIY' invites.\nTheir goodie bags are very pricey at $5/kid, but again, Janai kindly let us bring our own. \n\nOverall, the experience was a fun one and I wouldn't have booked anywhere else this year.
Great food.  Avoid the booths they are the most uncomfortable seating I have ever experienced.
Compared to dimsum in Philadelphia, the dimsum here is generous in their seafood/beef ratio per piece. The flavors were on point!  It did seem beyond chaotic when we ate there on a Sunday afternoon. There were lines everywhere and the Chinese ladies were cooking on fry pans next to dining tables.  Despite the overly hectic environment, the dim sum was delicious!
This place is very busy!  The carts came around pretty regularly but most of the items were either pan-fried or deep-fried. The steamed har gow and sui mei only showed up at the very end but we still ate it!  The dumplings were all pretty good and sizeable. In addition to the carts, there were also ladies walking around offering additional dishes such as gai lan and fried shrimp claws. The selection is quite good.
Very good! It was very clean and the food was yummy and fresh! They have lots of different items so you don't just have to get Pho.
I was honestly expecting a lot more from these guys having been to the original GameWorks on the Strip. First off, let me start off with the arcade game selection. Not much of a looker. Compared to the old GameWorks, the selection is a fraction of what used to be and half the games weren't functioning correctly either. Also the useless bar/restaurant area composes half of this GameWorks. That's right, they put more effort into building an eatery rather than getting decent GAMES. The E-Sports arena was pretty decent and the bowling area looked cool as well.\n\nBe prepared to spend at least $20+ if you wish to have a decent experience as the GameWorks cards no longer work by hours. They work by a points system instead and the games range between 4-11 points. Overall, these guys need improvement if they wish to retain their former glory.
Probably the worst spot in the entire food court. Been here twice and both times proved to be disappointing. This time was so bad it made me make an account and write a yelp review.\n\nFirst of all, the lady at the front works at an incredibly slow pace. Be prepared to wait 5 minutes when you're at the FRONT of the line to even put your order in. \n\nAs for my most recent experience, people behind me got their orders first, even though they were behind me and they ordered the exact same thing!! I had to wait 50 minutes for my order! If this place served decent food then maybe I would of been fine but I had to go and could not of eaten it even if I wanted to. I asked for a refund 40 minutes in and the person at the front would not give it to me. Saying it'll only take "one second" while in reality it took another 10 minutes while the people behind me got theirs 20 minutes earlier! The person at the front was being rude the entire time I was asking for a refund saying "but it's almost done" in a mocking tone. Neither an apology nor compensation for their mistake.\n\nWhen I did get my food it was unevenly heated and incredibly bland. Waste of time and money, do yourself a favour and don't even think of visiting this terrible place. There are plenty of other places you can go to within a 10 second walk away from there.
If you are all about quantity, this is the place for you. The menu here is very extensive. I think they have well over 100 dishes to choose from. I opted for Chicken and Black bean sauce over rice noodles. For $6.50 you get a huge portion of food, soup and an iced tea. The price can't be beat, but it was heavy on the noodles and light on the chicken and veggies.  I requested no MSG and extra spicy. It was good, not outstanding. For a quick lunch, it is great. You actually can make 2 lunches out of it!
It took 10 minutes before someone attended to us and there was barely people there pasta was ok it was passable I just expected more from this place that's all. They also said that they serve food that is freshly made but it tasted like half of the things we ordered were frozen.
I am incredibly sad that I did not discover this place until my fourth semester at the University of Illinois. I made something of a ritual out of going there every Tuesday for their reduced vegee gyros and fries, and always left satisfied. They have incredibly fast service, the place is always clean, and I *love* all the sauce choices! The salad always came fresh and crisp with the dressing automatically on the side, which was great too. I think the world could definitely use more Zorba's locations..until then, I'll have to make sure to swing by every time I head back to the U-C.
We have friends that live in Mesa.. We are from San Diego and they brought us to this place. We had never heard of it. We fell in love with the food and were sad when we went back home to no Firehouse. Then....one popped up close to us, then another even closer! This location started it all for us. Great food and smiling faces. Always a great place to eat!
Red Koi became my favorite Sushi spot on the first visit. The menu is full of yummy, and the prices are very reasonable. The staff are polite and friendly. The location is easy to miss, behind Jack in the Box on Ray & Power.\n\nIf you like good food, for a good price, from friendly people, give it a try. \n\nHint: they do to go orders pretty fast. And the portions are impressive. Next time you are shopping in the area, call in a take out order. (so I can hog up the Sushi bar)
My recent trip to Las Vegas, my friends and I ended up at GameWorks. Not sure how it would turn out, but we had a blast. The games / activities were cool and not remotely "Chucky Cheese" style. The food was good. The bar was nice and our bartender Tyler had just the right vibe. I would go back on my next visit to Las Vegas.
Vital Lunch gibt es derzeit 3x in Stuttgart. Dort gibt es Crepes, Sandwich, Elsässer Pfannkuchen und Salate. Es gibt 3 Stehtische und keine Sitzgelegenheit. Strassenverkauf senkt die Pacht und erspart Toiletten. Dafür können die Sandwich z.B. billiger angeboten werden. Soweit die Theorie.\nSubway und Vital Lunch können so wenig verglichen werden wie USA und Frankreich, das ist klar. Aber Sandwich und Sandwich schon. Und da hat Subway klar die Nase vorn. Die Auswahl im Vital Lunch ist klein und es gibt leider nur (überschätztes Baguette). Und vom vermeintlichen Preisvorteil bleibt auch nicht viel übrig. 4EUR (VL) zu 5EUR (Sub) wobei der "dicke Amerikaner" deutlich mehr auf die Waage bekommt.
Sad attempt to bring back a once cool place..  Boo- the games are so over priced and it's the same games $108.00 rip off. We need a Dave and Busters...
The food was ok for a top dollar pricing. Service was fine for 4 adults with 2 babies ( Two 18 month old toddlers did not eat or drink and no plates was served) . Each of us had one drink w/ 2 people having refills. Fairly simple service. We were slapped with an automatic 18% gratuity charge as we had 6 people in our party (2 BABIES - NO MESS!!!). - BEWARE!!!  We are confused.... The waiter said its the number of heads and not who eats matters. Advice to stay away from this expensive place that rips off customers.
I really wanted to like this restaurant more. We came with friends who had eaten here many times and raved about it. That set the bar very high - maybe that was the problem. Our server was Santini, the owner. Very personable and very welcoming. Another reason for wanting to like it more. And they honored our reservation when they were very busy on a Saturday night. Still another significant plus.\nSo why only 3 stars. They brought the bread knots to the table right away. A hold over from Montesano's (the prior Italian restaurant in this location)?? The knots they served were a bit stale as if they had been on the counter in the kitchen way too long. Didn't stop me from eating them, but they really weren't great. We started with a salad. The $9 salad was more than enough for 4 of us to share and still have some left over. A suggestion to Santini - offer a half size salad for $5 so that when I come with just 2 people, I can still order the salad without having to throw out half. For my entree, I ordered the chicken Marsala. It came with a side of pasta. The portion was large - no leaving here hungry. It was good, not great. My wife shared the chicken parmigiana with her friend. They split it in the kitchen for them - a nice touch. And the portion was huge. More than enough for 2 to share. Again, good but not great. My friend ordered the orecchiette with broccoli rabe and sausage. Now that was a good dish.\nSo overall, it is a solid local Italian restaurant where you can go to eat, but not a place to go to dine. I will try it again. I really do want to like it more.
The staff is friendly and always make sure ur order is right. The food is done very fast and it taste great.
This is my favorite Indian food place in the valley! Their best dishes are chicken vindaloo and chicken tikka masala! I don't know why it has 3 1/2 stars because it should be a 10! Go here this place is amazing!
I went with a few friends and it was awful! Everyone agreed the only decent thing about this place was the crispy fries. The service was so atrocious we considered leaving before even being greeted. It's a very unfriendly place. We will not be going back.
This Italian tavern has excellent Italian food.\nThe people that run the place are welcoming and joyful, they are a real Italian family.\nTrattoria Italia is a must in Vegas!
The food here is very delicious! Like many other people said its like a no-frills restaurant cash only! One time I had to pay for my friend so don't forget! But overall I would rate 4 stars. Plus I play basketball near here so it is a very nice place to go after a workout like that!
Another location with lots of hate. Again I'm not sure why. The burgers are tasty and made fresh to order. I would gladly wait a few minutes to get something better than the typical fast food place. My order has always been right when I've come to this location, or any Hero location for that matter now that I think about it.\n\nBonus points to the fact that Hero now has the Coke freestyle machines.
Lovely little place, good food & nice people. Stick with the lunch specials if you're in a hurry. They are good, fast & inexpensive. Delving deeper into the menu is just a little more expensive & can take a little longer if they're busy but it's well worth the exploration & the time if you're not in a rush. Try the Mint Garden Special Vermicelli for a filling selection of the flavours typical of this restaurant. The appetizers are good too. Definitely worth a regular lunch date.
I purchased a Groupon for my children and myself ($20 unlimited all-day play) in hopes of having a great time and a good lunch. I was here last year and it was not this run down. I don't know what happened but everything is in disrepair. A good 3rd of the games are broken and all but 1 of the urinals are not in service. A good portion if the games that were operational were unplayable because the "targets" on the guns would bounce all over the place. (Photos attached)\nMy daughter ordered the baked mac & cheese ($11) and it was underwhelming at best. A shallow layer of macaroni swimming in some bullshit fake cheese. (See photo)\nDon't waste your money here, they don't care about this place, neither should you.
Super divey and total Wisconsin. This fish fry is worth waiting for, I was told to get he walleye (delicious) but the blue hill is also amazing. The sides aren't much but it's a great typical Wisconsin fish fry
Bland food, and tempura batter seemed to have something in it, like pieces of brush hairs. Rice seemed stale, waiter seemed bothered by us and there was only 1 other person in there.
Barrio is OK - after eating here many times, that is my final opinion. The new Cleveland Heights location is really festive, but the tacos tend to be soggy or lukewarm or both. I like the guac, queso and drinks, so I recommend it for happy hour, but i would go elsewhere for a full meal.
This place is amazing!  Food is authentic Italian, the staff all speak in Italian!  Service and food were great!  This was my first time there and I will definitely be going back!
Should be called dim sum clowns. Horrible undercooked dim sum after we were studiously ignored for 45 min and literally were forced to shove the ordering slip in their face to get their attention. They weren't even remotely apologetic
This will echo what most of the other reviewers have said.  The service is some of the worst I've ever experienced but the food was surprisingly good.  \n\nI want one thing to be clear; when I say that the service was terrible, it was no fault of the service staff.  These people were running their asses off doing everything they could do to make the situation better.  The problem is that they are terribly understaffed.  I don't know if this is the result of a cheap owner (which I'll never understand since waitstaff is paid so little) or some call-offs or what, but regardless, there's only so much they can do.  It took 20 minutes to get greeted after being seated, a LONG time for our food, our bill, etc.  What should have been a quick dinner took around two frustrating hours.  \n\nNow the food made a horrible situation almost tolerable.  I still will probably not return because I rarely have time for a two hour dinner, but the food was damn good.  I was expecting watered-down white people Indian food, given the location and what I've had elsewhere in the area.  I'm happy to report that this wasn't the case.  The spices were bold and delicious and the chilli paneer had me sweating a bit.  It was excellent.  I hope they don't give in to those with "sensitive palates" and continue the authenticity of their food.  If only they could get the service piece figured out.
Came here after dinner at yard house and absolutely loved it! Some games were out of service but we had a lot of fun playing everything else!
Stuck here for 24 hours during the snowstorm so naturally we had lots of time to walk around and explore the restaurants. The large number of burger options stood out to us and we ended ordering two Leftys and the Jefferson. \n\nBoth the burgers came out in about 10-12 minutes and were pretty good considering this is airport food. I was going to order the steak and frites at first but was told that all burger and steak meat had to be cooked well or well done and couldn't be medium rare. And that the steak portion is a mere 4 oz. In Texas that's unheard of and we can't even order a steak that small, but of course we're not in Texas anymore.\n\nThe patties had good flavor and the sweet sautéed onions and thick cut bacon was the highlight of the burger.
My boyfriend and I were craving a big, juicy, off the grill kind of burger that has an unmistakable charred taste.... then we yelped upon this little burger bar. The menu is packed full of great options, salads, burgers, sandwiches and sides. It really was a tough decision with all the great choices but  I went with the Belly Buster fork burger and my boyfriend had The Phoenix burger. Delicious. It hit the spot, cooked the way I wanted. Complete with that charred taste. They came on Garlic Knot Buns, just a hint or garlic taste if any. With these buns we noticed that they are a much hardier type of bun that won't become soggy after sitting as easily. Sturdy yet soft. Butter lettuce, tomato, and onion served on the side. When they say "smothered" they mean it.   We found a good Burger joint without having to treck across to downtown phoenix or scottsdale for an overpriced burger. No reason to go else where now :)
$25 bucks can go a long way for this place. Of maybe it's because my kid only plays the low credit games? Either way groupon usually has a good deal $10 for all day play. The only down side is  you don't accrue tickets to get prizes. But this place is a good time for both the young and older crowd and the crowd in between. They have a spot to eat and watch sports on numerous screens, pool table, darts, video games, bowling alley (very small), computer room and a private area for parties. It's a pretty cool setup and would suggest this play for family time or even a date night.
Absolutely love Charr burger. I first tasted their food at a Multiple Sclerosis Society event called Cooks & Chords. They were offering tastings to support the cause, and I wanted to support them after seeing their efforts. Absolutely loved the crabcake burger with tartar. Truffle fries are amazing, and wow the portions. Enough for dinner and lunch the next day. Service was top notch, very quick. Appetizers are awesome, I particularly liked the fried zucchini. Perfect spot for lunch or dinner when in Moon Valley. Must check out if you're in the neighborhood.
Came here on a Sunday at 10am for dim sum.  If you order before 11am all dishes are $2.80. We ordered the main staples: haw gow, sui mai, shrimp/meat rice noodles, chicken feet, meat balls, shrimp balls, radish cake, sticky rice, spare ribs, black bean chicken & mango pudding.  I had better at other places but the price here was cheap.  May come back.\nPretty spacious restaurant with lots of tables.
3.5 Stars\n\nLocated in my old stomping grounds in Scarborough, this breakfast/brunch place serves up just what you need after a long night of drinking. \n\nThe menu is pretty standard with the typical brunch fare - eggs, made your way omelettes, pancakes, sandwiches etc.\n\nI ordered the Montreal melt 'grilled cheese' sandwich- smoked meat, Swiss cheese, mustard.  It comes with a side of fruit (cantaloupe and a few pieces of pineapple).  The sammie was a bit on the salty side and the mustard a little too overpowering but overall a solid meal choice.  A little on the small side if you are hungry, but I wasn't and don't like to eat heavy things for breakfast anyways.  For $6.99 you can't complain.\n\nMy friend had the Chicken Ciabatta (chicken, onion, tomato, garlic aioli ) which came with a side (he chose salad).  He liked his meal well enough and the portion size was pretty decent.\n\nThe service was friendly and quick considering at one point it was a full house.   \n\nFor 2 meals with juice/coffee and tax/tip for under $30 is a great bargain especially when your bank account is whimpering after the holidays.
The pho was pretty average, lacked the richness and complexity of the broth at other places I've been. The rice dishes were also pretty average and unimpressive. Their rice was relatively dry, but the pork chop was well-seasoned. The fried spring rolls were pretty standard, but had a somewhat unpleasant fryer oil flavour. In the end, it's not bad, but it wasn't great and there are definitely better options nearby.
The food was good but the service and professionalism was over the top. I and my 5 year old son and 11 year old daughter stopped by here for lunch after a fun experience at the museum and preserve. I ordered the tuna tataki, my son got the kids pizza, and my daughter got the kids mac and cheese.  \n\nWe were served after about 6 or so minutes but they did not bring out the kids pizza. Apparently what had happened was the cashier did not ring it up. I was prepared to go pay for it but they refused and comped it. Not only that they brought my son a plate of chips to snack on as he had to wait 5 minutes for his food while we had ours already. I thought that was pretty classy. AND THEN...they came out and gave us a complimentary desert of warm chocolate chip cookies with chocolate syrup. \n\nI was very impressed. My tuna tataki salad was very good...great views...and stellar service.
We showed up to kill time with the kid, spent $24 on a game card. Within 30 mins we had played some cool games and even hit two jackpots!!! Burned through all the points by 45 mins in and then went to get prizes. Pretty good compared to Dave n busters
This is a great spot for a great fork. Italian to the core, the staff is Italian and the restaurant is said to be family owned. \n\nWe took the Rigatoni and the risotto. Both plates were absolutely delicious. Flavours flowed through in a unexpected harmony. \n\nThe wine card is complete and offers a great selection of privately imported Italian bottles. \n\nIt might look pricy at first, but the food here is worth every penny. \n\nIf you're in Montreal be sure to stop by Lucca for a meal.
Come here on a weekday! It's a lot less crowded and the service is a bit better. We decided to take my niece and nephew here on a Saturday night and it was really packed. We wanted to get the unlimited game card but you have to dine in to get the deal. I really wish they would just sell the cards without meals coz we didn't really want to eat there. We had to so we did. We went up to the hostess and told her we were a party of 5 wanting to do the dine and play. She said it would be a 20-30 minute wait and we said it was fine. She didn't ask for our name or anything so my husband had asked her if she needed our name and she was like oh yeah and grabbed a random paper. She took our name down and our number and said they'll call when a table was ready. So we walk around outside for a bit and when the 30 minutes was up we came back and checked in with the hostess. We waited another 10 minutes then we were finally sat. It seemed like they were short on people. We were sat for quite a bit when a manager finally took our order. The food was ok. We got the nachos and pizza. After that whole process, we finally got our game cards so the kids could play. Nearly all the machines and games were in use. You kind of had to stand by the game you wanted to play and wait for whoever was using it to finish so you can play it next for sure. There was a good selection of games for the small space. I think the kids had fun in the end but they were miserable having to wait for the restaurant and the food and that whole process of getting the game card.
Price of the food was what brought my rating from 4 to a 2.  Great food, but not worth the price.  I have never been to a indian restaurant where they have charged me for rice (over $3 per side of rice).
The wife turned me on to this place when we were searching for something local to do over the weekend and I was greatly impressed! We ended up spending the entire day at Springs Preserve because it is such a large place and there are quite a few exhibits to see, trails to walk/ride, and plenty of places to practice photography.\n\nSince we're locals, we only paid $20 to get in ($10/ea.) and, at the end of the day, they allowed us to turn that $20 into a $45, two-person annual pass!\n\nI took over 500 pictures that day and only spent time in about 60% of Springs Preserve.\n\nCheck out my photos here: http://www.panoramio.com/user/8631485/tags/Springs%20Preserve. That will give you an idea of what you'll see and what you can do.\n\nThe Divine Cafe is a great place to take a break, relax, and eat some great food. They also serve wine to go along with your pizza or other food offerings.\n\nWe don't have kids, but there were quite a few playing around in the kids playground and we were able to see the butterfly exhibit which was awesome!
I wish 10 stars was an option to leave for this little gem.  This is one of the best Italian meals that my husband and I have had in a long time.  We have been searching the city for a good Italian restaurant that has eat-in and take-out service and we just hit the jackpot.  The food is spectacular.  We wanted take-out this evening so this was a perfect test to see how good the food was and how well it would hold up for a short drive home.  We started off with the arancini.  One order included 4 enormous, freshly made arancini.  These were the best I ever had.  The order came with a side of sauce.  This was a zesty, home-made sauce, not the sweet stuff that passes for sauce in most Vegas restaurants.  Next, we split a Caesar salad.  The salad was large enough for two.  It was cold, crisp and fresh as a salad should be served.  We both opted for the chicken parmesan this evening.  The chicken parmesan comes with a side of angel hair pasta.  The chicken breast was enormous and so was the portion of pasta.  The chicken was cooked perfectly.  It was juicy and tender, while the breading was crisp.  The pasta was perfectly al dente.  Again, the chicken parm and the pasta was served with a homemade zesty (not sweet) sauce that we have been craving.  This main course also comes with a side of homemade knots.  They were tender and perfectly chewy.  I assume that these are made from their pizza dough as I also make my knots from my homemade pizza dough.  We finished off this perfect dinner with their homemade cheese cake and chocolate cheese cake.  Again, true perfection.  The cakes were not overly sweet but still rich and decadent.  Also of note, when they packed our meals to go they made sure to pack all the hot food in one bag and all the cold food in another.  I cannot tell you how many times we have gotten take-out and other restaurants have put a hot entrée on top of a cold salad or on top of a cold desert.  We have found our new go to for perfect Italian!
If you look for Indian this is not your best bet, it's called Indian but it's not Indian it's so sweet with no taste.\nChef made dal tadka with chef hot  but he actually  made dal with no tadka very bad.\nBiryani it's insult calling it as biryani.\nIt way expensive and you don't get feeling of eating Indian no point giving a shot
The Villa Tap has a great friday fish fry and daily specials. Chico and all the bartenders treat you like a regular.\nThis place saves you the trip up north.
This place is great, good food, and great service...jarred was our server and was great, it was our first time and he gave us a good run down of the food and their specials...very fast service the food was hot and fresh.i would definitely come back..good place to spend quality time with the family
Had a great experience here with my husband and two little kids.  The burgers were outstanding and the cocktails were perfection. Even the kid's meals were delish!  Perfect little local joint.
We went there 2weeks ago for dimsum around 4-5pm. The place was partially booked for party and it was quite busy at that time. Luckily we came on off-peak hour and our order was came almost together. I like their black bean spare ribs and siomay. Too bad that they out of fried dough. We will come again to try our luck when they have lunch promotion ( dim sum $2.80/portion S-L size)
Went there to-night ordered milkshakes took 20 minutes to get them after receiving them two of them taste like they there been freezer burned or thawed out in the refrigerator the last time I went they gave me the wrong one I will not be back again poor service their rating ain't even been updated since August the floors look like a dumpster and smells like a dumpster
A co-worker of mine is often nostalgic for his Chicago days, and says that Luke's is the closest thing he has found to a Chicago-style hot dog in AZ.  So, on this gorgeous sunny day (how can you miss Chicago on a day like today!?) off we went to satisfy a craving for some Chi-Town goodness.\n\nIf you can survive the parking lot rodeo that is the shopping area where Luke's is located, you are in for a treat.  Italian sandwiches, subs, burgers and of course, hot dogs.  This place is popular!  The space is small and the line to order can stretch out the door, so get there early if you want a table at lunchtime.\n\nI went with "The Original" - a pure beef hot dog with mustard, relish, pickle, and tomato in a poppy seed bun.  It is usually served with onions and peppers as well, but I like to make fresh breath a priority and decided against those.  I don't think there was any room left in the bun, anyway.  My friend had the Maxwell Street - a Polish sausage with onions, peppers and mustard.  It looked pretty tempting, too.  Both came with a side of crinkle-cut fries, which I upgraded to cheese fries in order to get a heart-stopping vat of cheese sauce for dipping.  I am not ashamed to admit that I ended up dipping the hot dog in there too.  So bad, but so good!\n\nI am now going to curl up under my desk and take a nap.
Their meringue is not as good as the other location. Other cakes are similar. Set meals are reasonable with price and consistent quality of food. However, if I have a choice, I would prefer the other location at Finch.
After reading the reviews here you would think restaurants were based off selection and not food quality.  This is a typical chinese buffet/mongolian grill with sushi selections.  Lots of variety and all of it is pretty terrible. Many dishes were luke warm, sushi was gummy, tables were close together and clientele was very low end with lots of kids running around.  \nIf anyone tries to tell you the food is good then just go and try the general tsos chicken.  Go ahead, cut it up.  How much meat is in there and how much of that meat is white?  \n\nYou are NUTS if you aren't going to Fuse Buffett instead....but if you have kids you are going to let loose then stay at china buffet!
I've found my favorite burger here! Try the steakhouse burger.. A burger covered in a smoked gouda cheese and mushrooms, slightly smothered in a yummy steak sauce, and topped off with some crispy onion strings. The truffle fries are just the added bonus! I also loved the apps.. Grab some fried pickle chips or some spinach artichoke dip. Definitely a great spot for a quick lunch bite or a nice dinner date.
Ordered a sausage mcmuffin meal. Coffee was good hash brown was okay! Now sandwich was horrible smelled sour rotten bread so I threw it away no time to drive back ! I just called in and reported to manager, thinking he would refund me or apologize instead he said Thanks for the call. I asked him what he can do for this issue and he said since I threw my food away there's nothing he can do! Horrible McDonald's makes millions and you can't apologize or do anything!!!
I been here a few times with my girlfriend and we had the pleasure of having Chris the bartender take care of us! He does a good job. Now today we are here again and Andy helped us he was awesome and very professional. I definitely  recommend this place if you want to have some quick food and drinks plus arcade games! What more can you ask for??
A friend and I ordered takeout from Napoli this evening around 6pm.  My friend lives right around the corner on Beacon St. and is a frequent customer of Napoli.  Given that I'd tried competitors Aiello's and Mineo's, I was curious to try this unsung hero of the SqHill pizza wars to see how it stacks up.\n\nWe ordered a large pepperoni pizza with a side of ranch dressing plus two bottles of Red Ribbon soda, which came to $22.50.  Upon trying the pizza, I'd rate it above Mineo's and equal to or slightly below Aiello's in terms of quality.  It had a medium weight crust that was neither super thick or paper thin and was crispy (I'm a sucker for a crispy crust).  The sauce was bolder and more flavorful than Mineo's, and was generously portioned.  There was also a decent amount of cheese, and the pepperonis were curled up, containing miniature pools of grease (grease averse pizza eaters beware).  One slight annoyance was the tendency of the toppings to slide off of the pizza--every slice I took had this issue.  The ranch dressing was alright but nothing particularly special; however, it made for a nice accompaniment to the crust.\n\nWhen my friend called in our order, it took about 20 min. to prepare, so be sure to allow ample time if you're picking up.  Seating is quite limited--it's clear that they do most of their business via take out and delivery.  Also, they only accept cash, so be sure to bring enough to pay for your order.  Overall, a decent pizza--not the best I've had in PGH, but not the worst, either.
Excellent food that is worth the wait. Emphasis on wait. You will need to flag a waiter down repeatedly when they are busy but extremely good food; best in the area.  I play at this club and eat here every time I am in town. The sushi is the best I have had anywhere down south and they deserve the credit. They could use a better selection of craft beers.
I ordered the salmon my server Jill suggested and it was absolutely amazing!! Extremely impressed with food and service. Will be back soon
went back there today and asked for two simple burgers with nothing but ketchup and cheese, not hard, right? apparently it is if your english is as good as your order taking skills
Love love this place! We are regulars at this place. They always have customers so you know it's good. They have delicious vegetarian/vegan options! The food taste very authentic and home cooked. veggie pho its flavorful and filling. I also love the crispy tofu with rice. But my personal favorite is the teriyaki tofu and veggies with rice! Yummmm. I haven't had anything besides the vegetarian options but the other stuff looks good as well. My family loves this place too, which is awesome. I highly recommend this place. It's very clean and simple. And the owner is so sweet! She calls us the "tofu family" she's so sweet and always makes sure we love our food. If you're around the area defiantly go try the food there! :)
Nice little Italian place.  The homemade pastas are delicious along with the sauces.  Not the best water so we usually get pellegrino.  The canolli's are ok.  The filling is good but the shell not so much.  It would be better if they filled them at time of order.  Service isn't the best since they have a small staff so be prepared to wait and reservations a must in the evenings, as there is limited seating.  Overall the place is nice and the meatballs are good too.  We would return because of the good pasta and sauces and authentic feel.  Side note, would love to see fresh grated cheese served instead of the Parmesan.
Maybe I had such a good time because, I shit you not, someone dressed as Godzilla showed up and handed out free drinks so keep that in mind.\n\nThe place has an awesome cocktail list and a super cool shot list. And not like pineapple upside down shots. Interesting shots that come in pairs or trios with a chaser and interesting flavor combination. It's impossible to go and not order one. I had one that was tobacco whiskey chased with hazelnut cold press coffee. It was strong but delicious. Definitely recommend an evening on the patio.
Was fully craving Indian, and was fortunate enough to be directed here by a few friends that have recently moved to the States from India.  Can't stress enough how good this place is.  Complex flavors and delicious sauces.  Service was great, portions were solid and price was right on.  And, if you like spicy, you're in luck.  Go for 'Chef Hot'...they don't hold back. \n\nDefinitely part of the regular rotation moving forward...
Hole in the wall place. Menu was in all Spanish so I had to ask the server who spoke very limited English to read it to me. Once we got through that part, the food was very good and very authentic. Shrimp Ceviche tostada was very good!
This is just the worst chinese food in north america. The lobster and the fish is not fresh. The shrimp tofu plain. Service was very bad. This is just the worst chinese food in north america.
It's fine.  I wished it was much better.  Dry chicken Parm, sauce is WAY too sweet.\n\nService is good, and the other dishes we had were just ok.
I would like to give this place more stars... The ambiance was cool, the food was good, and the people seemed friendly. However, they don't have any vegan options (unless you talk directly to the chef and she lets you read the ingredients on the sauces and severely customizes your order). In 2016, in Lakewood nonetheless, not providing vegan options is a very poor business decision.
Noodles were less than average as they were still hard and stuck together by the end of our meal. Seafood noodles didn't have much content, vegetarian spring rolls were good but a little on the expensive side.\n\nWould rather go back to Pho Con Bo around the corner next time.
This place has an amazing menu selection of sushi plates and entrees for those who aren't keen on seafood. I am a sushi addict and I fell in love with this place as did my boyfriend, who isn't a sushi eater (he had the Chicken Katsu)! \n\nGreat atmosphere and ambiance. The staff are very friendly. \n\nWe ate here on a Saturday which is all day happy hour. The prices are great and the servings sizes are normal. (Unlike other sushi places who make smaller portions during the happy hour.) \n\nThe only thing was the service was a little slow but we were there to enjoy our night so we didn't mind. Great place to dine!\n\nAll the dishes we had we're amazing!!\n\nAppetizers:\nSweet Fried Onion\n\nEntree:\nChicken Katsu with Rice\n\nSushi Rolls:\nLas Vegas Roll \nTootsie Roll
Good sandwiches here. Maybe not as good as some of the smoked meat places I have been in Montreal but darn good. They use a thick sorta chewy bread here which is very filling but decent. Overall I liked the place and would go again.
We love brueggers! The bagels are delicious and I love how they are always changing their sandwiches. The workers are always super nice and friendly.\n\nThe only thing preventing 5 stars is... why do they use that type of "cooler" for the drinks. They are NEVER, EVER cold. So I can never purchase a drink with my bagel. It blows my mind.
Great new neighborhood spot! Happy Hour til 7!! The small plates were amazing. Lychee wrapped in bacon. Chicken wings were so yummy! Gyoza comes out in a stem basket! Bar with beer on tap and Tito's!! I'll personally make sure this place makes it. \n\nAnd then comes the RAMEN! SO flavorful and on point. Perfectly cooked soft boiled egg. The pork belly was delicious! Noodles perfectly prepared. Doesn't get any more magical. Ambience was perfect for family dinner. Lots of outdoor seating for the cooler evenings. Pricing is good. 2 could easily eat for under $30. \n\nCan't wait to go back!
Food was okay, but I was quite disappointed to see that they gave something else than what we ordered. I am pretty sure they understand the meaning of biryani, I hope at least they will soon. We ordered 3 different biryanis but none of them tasted like a biryani but they were like pulav ( which is a total different dish). \nPlease change the names in your menu or I would appreciate if you can get to know what exactly biryani means and make it. \nAnd forgot to mention about the appetizers not really good, you better don't ask them what they do best. \nFinally if you're looking for nice and authentic Indian food or biryani, I don't recommend this place.
Very very good!!! I ordered the chicken and waffles and coconut water. Wife and Son got an incredible California club, and Daughter got the classic waffles with strawberries and whipped cream. Wow OMG wow...the home fries have real nice seasoning on them.\n  While I did enjoy my chicken and waffles it was not the best I have had. We will definitely come back here again. \n  The place is small and very busy so you might have to wait a few minutes but the food comes quite quick so all good.
Being new to the area we really enjoyed the different way of making donuts! The maple bacon was delicious. The donuts are warm and sticky and they get them made fast, we'll be back for sure.
I originally wanted to try Capriottis after hearing some people at work brag on it, but they were closed and I turned the corner and went to Firehouse. IT WAS JAM PACKED..and for good reason. My hot pastrami was sooooo good; juicy meat, extra soft warm bread, and not a lot of fluff on the inside. The 8" sandwich is just enough to satisfy your hunger, yet have your mouth begging for more. Expect to pay more than Subway, but it is worth it. Ironically, Gilbert Fire Department walked in as I was walking out. Hey..its good enough for them!!!!
First time here, will be back for sure. Had the lamb vindaloo, chicken tiki, naan sampler and some kingfishers. All amazing. Paulo our waiter was awesome, very attentive and took time to explain everything thoroughly to us ignant white folks. Give Paulo a raise!
Walking into Charr we had high hopes. They were flatten when we were greeted by the hostess who was seated behind the podium. Not only was the hostess seated,but we had to ask to be seated outside. The hostess never offered inside or outside seating. \nWalking outside we noticed the many dirty tables, and the trash from previous customers littering the floor. In addition to the dirty tables, there was broken glass lying on top. The glass came from the lightbulbs above. So we moved inside. \nOnce inside  we were seated near a server station where you could hear the servers and hostess cursing. In addition to the foul language I witnessed a sever chasing the hostess around the restaurant with a dead bug! \nI had ordered a beer on draft which was poured into a warm glass so with in minutes the beer was room temp and unpleasant. We both had burgers of course. I had ordered mine med rare and my girlfriend had ordered hers med well,both came out over and under cooked. For a burger bar I would think you would train your cooks to cook a burgers to order properly.  Truffle fries were nothing special have had better. And finally the bathrooms where so gross that most dive bars bathrooms where better then there's!! Overall would not recommend this place to anyone.
There's only a small handful of authentic Vietnamese places that do Pho right...this place is one of them. The broth is the perfect balance of savory flavors and the portions are just right.  \nOrdered the Spring rolls too which was just as delicious. The prices are very reasonable and the woman there (probably the owner) is gracious. \nPerfect location because it's next to Safeway, so you can get your grocery shopping and dinner done at the same time!
Excellent food. Nothing like you would expect. We ordered the happy hour appetizers Chocolate filled beignets and the Bacon and Deviled eggs. Not only was I surprised about the presentation but the food was excellent and very flavorfully creative!!! I say give this place a try. You'll be just as surprised as I was. The only thing I would say is that the food takes quite a while to get to your table.
Duck donuts is the new hot spot for donuts!!! It has just been open a couple days and I've been twice already! My favorite combination is maple icing and bacon. The lemon icing is also very tasty. They have several other flavors that I need to try like zebra and Reese's. The donuts are a cake donut and they are made fresh  to order. Duck donuts also offers some breakfast sandwich options and other treats like muffins and yogurt but I think they have me with the donuts!!! \nThe staff is very friendly and helpful. The location is a good spot but kinda hidden in the Kenliworth Commons shopping mall.  Inside the shop there is lots of standing room and space to view the donuts being freshly made and topped with all the delicious toppings! They also have some seating and tables available. I can't wait to bring others and let them try these delicious donuts!!!
I recently ate at this restaurant with my fiancé after normal lunch hours. \n\nAs others have said, the interior is pretty nice, though it's almost crossing that line of being a bit gaudy. The food is the standard for what you would expect for a Chinese buffet, but what stands out is the selection. Sushi, a hibachi grill, and selected Chinese and American dishes are available. Nothing really stands out taste-wise. The food isn't bad, but nothing that is amazing. The price is reasonable for the amount of selection and the service was good. \n\nI'll give this place another try in the future and hopefully the food will match the look of the place.
A sad excuse for a sushi restaurant. The rolls are flavorless and uninteresting, the fish quality is so low that every roll is smothered in mayonnaise and eel sauce. You have to ask for wasabi and ginger. When you're lucky enough to receive it you get enough for one piece of Nigiri and you'll need to use it all because it's the most bland, grainy green garbage I've ever seen. Paired up with 2 slivers of old, dry, warm ginger it really completes the meal of rotten fish dipped in mayo next to a dollup of green toothpaste.\n\nThe menu, much like the fish, hasn't changed since they opened up years ago. \n\nThe service is horrendous, especially the old, rude individual that stands behind the sushi bar. In good conscience I'm not able to refer to him as a sushi chef... That title would infer that he is actually a chef but in reality just a short, angry little turd dipping rotten tilapia in miracle whip.\n\nIf you are looking for a quality sushi restaurant go to Ryu sushi on Val Vista and William's Field. \n\nIf you are looking for a waste of money, a horrible experience, a bad taste in your mouth and chronic diarrhea then Red is the place for you.
This is your typical chinese buffet. Pros: The decor of the place is very impressive. Beautiful wood carvings, stars in the celling and a big buffet area, sushi station and hibachi. Cons: There are to many tables for the location. Its very crowded you feel like everyone is breathing on your food.  When you get up from your table you bump into people in front and in back of you. The place smells like fish and my hair and my clothes all have that funky smell. They don't have knives only forks and spoons. You have to push your food in your plate with your fingers or with what you find. Do not ask for water it also has that funky smell and it taste terrible. Definitely will not be coming  here again.
4.5 stars = 5 stars for food+4 stars for restaurant space and lay out\n\nSuper small restaurant with super big flavors (sorta like the 8 year olds on X Factor/Britain's Got Talent belting out those tunes!)\n\nWent there with some older folks (who were a bit put off by the high decibel levels) on a Thursday night: it was packed! I thought it was a great place to get good booze and will come back with similarly aged people for a more fun experience (basically for more alcohol).\n\nThe guac was amazing: not too heavy and very fresh. The surf and turf burritto could've fed an entire mexican village! It was very well done but I would've preferred the orange sauce on the side instead of submerging the burrito in it. I prefer my dishes spicy so I asked for their spicy salsa and our server got me two kinds of spicy salsa. I absolutely loved them both! So folks ask for the spicy salsa. The churros were great as well: doughy, cinnamony,creamy!\n\nThe service was a tad slow but given the rush, totally understandable. Our waitress was great:patient with the menu, attentive with the water and funny.\n\np.s. Always make reservations; it fills up pretty quick.
I FINALLY had the Friday fish fry. It goes from 530PM until 930... but I'd strongly suggest getting in there by 9. My friend had the perch, which was kind of chewy and too salty. The potato he got was a bit tough, too. I had the walleye and a side of fries- it was a whole different experience. The piece was huge (see pic), and the fish was just delicious. Really, perfect. They also offer cod and a jumbo shrimp dish, neither of which I've tried yet. All come with slaw, rolls and butter. Service was good, and they do have malt vinegar if you want it (I felt sheepish because I brought my own just in case...). \n\nSo, get the walleye, not the perch. \n\nAnd play the jukebox.
Ate literally one of the best meals of my life at Playa Cabana tonight. I got the ancho-braised crispy beef shortrib tacos...absolutely Fantastic. The rest of our table got the steak burrito, the chicken tinga tacos and another dish that I can't recall but was basically open-faced crispy tortillas with meat, toppings and rice,etc. We also got Mexican pop and a bottle of wine, plus churros for dessert. Total bill was $140 plus tip for 4 people. Service was lovely, and portion sizes enough to have leftovers. Will be back for sure!!
This was probably my favourite pho place in Toronto as they use fresh noodle and ingredients.  The place seems like it had been undergone renovation recently so it looks more comfy dining in.  Their weekend special is bun bo hue which is always my favour.  But during my last visit I feel some components are missing such as coagulated pig blood and bun bo hue itself still tastes delicious but more of satay flavour.  I didn't taste much of shrimp paste in the soup as well.  The pho itself is still my favour in Toronto, the broth is light and perhaps not as flavourful as pho at Thinh Thanh, but they use flat rice noodle unlike many other places in Toronto that use dry vermicelli type.  Another item worth mentioning is pho bo kho, very very flavourful and yummy.  But they only serve that btw Mon-Thu.\n\nThe price is reasonable and may have to wait in the line up during weekend lunch rush, but thankfully the wait time is always short due to quick turnaround time.  Overall a solid 4/5
So close to the airport, but remains off the grid. The Villa Tap neighborhood bar looks as it hasn't changed in forty years. The wooden bar is topped with a baseball cards that have a laminate over them.\n\nWant to drink? Stop over. They have friendly bartenders and great prices. The bartenders do a nice job on the bloodies and Old Fashioneds.\n\nWant to eat? Om nom. They have some type of food every night, but their Friday fish fry is worth going. The perch or walleye is what you should get. Even though it was busy when we were there, the servers were funny, had a good attitude, and our food came promptly. They know what the hell they are doing.
The husband and I stopped today about 11:30 this morning. You sit at the bar you get the specials. Really?  Server was good but did not refill the diet coke. The burgers are 1/2 pound so we shared. The Phoenix has jalapeños, cheddar, chipotle mayo, red onion, lettuce and tomato. Thin truffle fries, that are wonderful!  We shared and it was plenty and for a nice lunch discount!  The only thing wrong was the well done burger was WAY too done.  Nice if in the area!
With a strong aroma of Indian curry and spice coming from Amaya Express, I thought it would be a nice change for some cultural food, other than the usual Chinese, Thai, burgers, or sandwiches that I eat so often. Definitely a nice addition to the Urban Eatery.\n\nOrdering the butter chicken, you have a choice of either the rice or the naan bread. You're asked if you want chick peas in your bowl as well. It came to $7.90 after tax, pricey when it isn't even a combo. \n\nThe chicken itself wasn't all that exciting. It was a dry, flavourless, chunk of chicken. What made up for it was the butter chicken sauce. It was flavourful, spicy and made me yearn for more. It went great with the naan bread. The chick peas was also a welcoming addition, so definitely say yes to that option.\n\nI would be back to try those samosas though!
First time going into a Hero Burger joint and probably my last. \n\nOverpriced burgers with sub-par taste/quality in the beef patty and bun. \nSweet potato fries were thin, short, and didn't taste any different that the onces I bake at home.\n\nMoving on...
Horrible service!!!!!! Went to go for a good friends birthday party. Sat there waiting to get water for my family for an hour. Twice asked the waitress if she can get us a pitcher of water. And not once but TWICE she refillwd water for tables AROUND us. My kids were dying of thirst after ridiculously waiting for another 20 minutes. Finally walked up to the manger just to see if we get any service. When they finally acknowledge us they just handed my wife a pitcher as if she was one of the workers and walked away. Workers here have really bad attitude. No one smiles here and no one is ever accommodating. Never in my life will i ever come back. Worse experience ever!!!!!!!!
One of my favorite indian restaurants.  I have a half dozen indian coworkers and it is also one of their favorites.\nLunch typically has a plate of salad, rice, bread.  Orders diverge depending on main dish based on lamb, chicken, or vegetables.   Plus a bowl of a lentil soup.\n\nBeen there once for dinner with a group of 20 people.  Food was served indian family style and kept coming until everybody had enough.\n\nOutdoor seating is nice (before weather turns to hellacious) and is well away from traffic although a little too close to a large parking lot.  Still very nice.
Great little Mexican restaurant. Food is very authentic and tasty. You will not be disappointed, just be sure you make a reservation before you go, many other people know how good this place is.
Great Thursday evening happy hour, with live music.  Tonight, chilled to island style mellow tunes with bruddah Ryan and Iz, members of popular Vegas group, Haleamano.  Check out the drink specials and tasty pupus like the Buffalo wings with tangy Bleu cheese dip, hot cheesy spinach artichoke dip with toasted baguette slices, duck and sweet & spicy bacon  sliders, and creative street tacos.  Can't beat the view of the strip from the balcony.  Trult nice spot for couples and families.
Went here last night, had a good time, sat in the patio. Tried the chicken teriyaki - half off on Tuesdays - pretty good. I also tried yuzu fries with a wasabi sauce, which was delicious. There is a fairly lengthy beer menu, didn't see any japanese beers, which was surprising, maybe those are normally on tap (tap was being repaired). I tried a blood orange IPA bottle, really good. Also tried the Gojira cocktail - loved it! Very strong, definitely recommend. \n\nDrinks and food are not expensive at all - good value. \n\nNice staff, our waitress was very friendly and made an effort to check on us often. Will be back next time with my doggie - they allow dogs on patio!!!
I grew up in Arizona where there is a huge variety of Mexican food places and I've been searching for cheap authentic Mexican food ever since I moved to Montreal.  This is the first place I've found that meet both of those those two criteria well - "Cheap and Authentic". I will be coming here more often now that I've found this place!
I cannot review the food as we didn't stay. We had a reservation for 6 pm which was not needed as the place was almost empty. A hostess managed to ask our name and stepped ahead to seat us. We picked our way through food which seemed to have been on the floor for days, only to be shown to a table that had not been cleaned off or set up for the next customer. REALLY? I asked to be taken to another table and was told they were all reserved. REALLY? The place was almost empty and it was 6 pm. What excuse can there be for a dirty dining room and tables sitting there with food and dishes not cleared. What kind of surprises could there be in the kitchen? WE LEFT.
ABSOLETELY love the food here. Haven't ordered something we haven't liked. If I could give more stars I would. Service is absolutely excellent. Today I happened to leave my credit card without realizing. To my surprise, as I was leaving the parking lot our server was waiting for us. She flagged me down and returned my card to me. To me this is going above and beyond! I only wish I knew her name, but a big thank you for being so awesome! It isn't everyday someone would do that. Thank you to the whole staff for providing great good and service!
Joe makes the best friggin burgers hands down!\n\nThe rest of the menu is very inventive and plenty of options that are non burger related. Brian the head waiter is awesome and a pleasure to see . The beer is always ice cold and the shakes are delicious!\n\n$5 burger mondays are insane!
Pretty average pho place. Broth was not as flavourful as others I've had before but the noodles were very nice. They are quite generous with the meat portions. Spring rolls were some of the best I've ever had. Very reasonable prices. Good service. I wouldn't go out of my way to return as I do have other favourite pho places in the city however if I was in the area I definitely would stop by!
Delicious, warm, cake donuts!! What's not to love??! The line was out the door at opening... That's how good they are.
I'd be willing to try Napoli again because of the great reviews... I feel like I'm missing something.  I'd probably only try by the slice though...\n\nSALTY.  It was so so salty that I stopped eating before I was full.  It was also reallllly greasy, like pools of grease sitting in the pepperonis and dripping off the slices.\n\nMaybe got a bad pie? It looked pretty good. Need a while to sweat out the salt before I try this place again though.
I had never been to Yuzu before. I was so pleased with the food that I know that I will become a regular customer.\n\nMy friend took me to dinner for my birthday at Yuzu. We were cheerfully greeted when we walked in. Having never been there, we were impressed with the inviting atmosphere.\n\nThe menu had many interesting choices. The food was outstanding. I had a beef rice bowl. The meat was tender, juicy and spiced just right.  The portion was generous for the price.  Instead of having a cocktail, we each had sake. The glasses of sake were larger than I expected (darn). \n\nIf you want a nice evening out, Yuzu is a wonderful choice.
Great experience - ceviche and tacos are fantastic, as are white/red sangrias and caesars. Can't wait to go back! Nice patio, and good service too.
Love this place! I've been to many Mexican Restaurants in Canada and the USA and Playa is one of my favourites!
La Isla Cuban Restaurant is a great new place near Matthews. Since they opened three weeks ago, I have been there three times. The owners are obviously from Cuba, and they seem to get a great amount of pleasure in sharing their culture and heritage with their patrons. Tonight they brought my wife and I a dish of traditional Cuban Flan after our delicious meal, on the house. Delicious! They are very sweet and thoughtful. Lunch specials start at $6.50, dinner for two can run low to mid thirties, especially if you add their delicious Tres Leche cake. OMG! It was amazing! Cuban Coffee, traditional Cuban Sandwiches and amazing dinner entrees made by people who are honoring their true roots makes La Isla Cuban Restaurant a great place to dine.
I have had quite a bit of Indian food in my life and this has been by far the best. Four of us stuffed ourselves into a food coma. The ingredients were all fresh, the lunch specials such a great deal. The flavors were out of this world. I want to go back soon, I am getting hungry thinking about it. \n\nGreat service also by the way. They were attentive, friendly, and quick.
There's not much positive to say, except that the lobby/restaurant area has been redone and is beautiful. I very rarely write reviews, but have stayed here a few times over the past year, each time having an issue but hoping it was a fluke. Well, third times the charm and I will not be returning. The young restaurant manager(s?) do little to nothing at all except loop the hotel in suits and complain loudly to any employee within earshot about their jobs, their bosses, the employees, whatever. I've seen both bark orders at restaurant/bar staff with absolutely no couth, obviously in front of customers such as myself. One older man who I believe claimed to have worked in the sales department came down to the bar one night loudly professing his political views to the entirety of the lobby area, possibly whilst drunk, and complete with multiple, colorful curse words, etc. Phone didn't work in the room once, refrigerator smelled once, billing error twice. Aside from the aesthetics of this place, it is a nightmare and a complete shame.
I will say this about the restaurant. It far and away has some of the best mexican in all of Toronto (not as good as Grand Electric though).\n\nThe reason I am giving this place a one star is because it also has some of the worst service/management in Toronto. \n\nI have tried going to this place twice now. The first was for a birthday party. Our group made a reservation for 12 people two weeks in advance. On the night of the party, we showed up and they only had spots for 4 people, and we had to wait over 1 hour before they crammed 12 of us into a spot for 8 people. I wondered why they would even take a reservation for such a large group if they knew they could not honour.\n\nDespite this long wait, I decided to return again for dinner. I made a reservation for 2 for 8:30 on a Saturday night two days in advance. When we showed up, there was no hostess at the front, and I had to approach the bar and ask when we would be seated. For the next 30 minutes, I was given various responses from the waiters and staff saying "I have no clue when a table will be ready for you". The owner then came up to me and I asked him what is the point of taking reservations if they can never honour them. I told the owner I would post this fact on Yelp, at which point he yelled at me to "F*** Off". The hostess apologized to me for this, and within 5 minutes we were seated. Once seated the owner continue to mouth off to me from the kitchen for threatening to post a bad review on yelp. At this point we simply walked out of the restaurant.
Super overpriced, but a great view. Came here for my birthday for lunch prior to taking a walk around the preserve. A majority of the tables were reserved for those doing the buffet so we had to walk around looking for a table that was available. The buffet was super overpriced for what they offered. The pricing was just slightly less than eating at Bacchanal at Ceasars, yet not even offering a quarter of Bacchanal. Needless to say, we opted for the regular menu which was also pricey. My husband ordered a pizza and the dough was way under cooked and doughy. I ordered the chicken teriyaki plate which was not good. The chicken had a heavy soy sauce taste and lots of tough pieces. Only giving it a 2 star because of the view.
Worst indian food I have ever had in life !! No taste !! Bad servicing!! It all about Waste of money and time !!
My family and I have been here plenty of times. The staff is always so friendly and accommodating. The bathrooms are always maintained. (Huge plus for me!) \n\nThey always have a deal on groupon that you may use anytime during the week. I highly suggest it!
My all time, #1 brunch spot! I would highly highly highly recommend the banana chocolate chip pancakes! The sole reason why I always come back to this place.\n\nTheir sausages are tastey, their home fries are crispy and their eggs are cooked exactly how you want them. What more can you ask for?
Best porkchops ever, a great price, and great atmosphere. Friendly, attentive staff.
Was visiting form out of town and stopped here for dinner. I liked the different seating options, and would have opted for the couch dinner tables but I was by myself and thought that was a little excessive for just me, but its great to have the options. I had a blackberry collins while waiting for my food and it was delicious! Very good selection of unique drinks and a huge beer list (part of which updates based on the season). I ordered the potato soup which was homemade with huge chunks of potatoes and the "Steak and Shrooms" for dinner. My server was very attentive and responsive. I will definitely recommend this place to others in the area.
Times visited: Once\n\nCustomer service: Decent customer service but it can get slow and hectic when its a full house esp with two servers. The atmosphere is kind of depressing but i guess thats normal for a breakfast place. The servers are kind and nice but not professional. No uniforms, dirty aprons, and kind of lost.\n\nFood: We ordered katis grilled cheese and California club sandwich. It was decent and tasted okay nothing special but worth a try.
Thought we would try something "new" . I would not recommend this restaurant. Service was terrible. We waited for ever for our food. Overpriced .
If I could give this restaurant negative stars I would! Mcdonalds service has gone so down hill and managers don't care. Never going back.
Average buffet, but they have a true Hibachi (evenings), where you fix your own plate and give it to the grill cook to cook for you. There are several flavors of sauces to choose from for your hibachi. And compared to any buffet, the hibatchi will be hot and fresh! Best of both worlds! The interior is worn but hopefully they will move soon, up by road where the Ryan's than,  NY Buffet closed. They have a sign on the building. I've been to some other buffets where all the food tasted the same, bland flavor, the now closed Micki Chows comes to mind. This food is better than that. Salad bar, dessert bar, sushi bar. Enough variety that everyone should be able to find something they like. Pepper frogs legs I like, my wife likes the slice your own roasted beef. Staff has always been nice and quick to remove used plates. I'd say they are holding their own in a small town with lots of other oriental spots. It gets lots of business, probably because of their reasonable pricing and the food is fair, average and not horrible.  Don't try to compare this where you'd buy a dinner plate that is served to you hot, freshly cooked, that wouldn't be fair. I've never had cold food that was supposed to be hot. They do a good job keeping the buffet dishes fresh and to temp, but as most buffets it won't be hot like a single serve plate brought out to you.
Maybe I should have had a hot dog but I crave Chicago's Italian beef,  I didn't get it here just some greasy old beef of some kind,  use beef broth if the meat gets dry, not a whole can of olive oil,  YUK!  It didn't have that good Italian beef flavor so I asked for giardinara to add some flavor,  it was very oily too and I had to pay extra for any peppers either hot or mild. No stars for that beef,  the only saving grace was it didn't make me too sick,  I expected to be sick for days not just one day!
We love this place! Great burgers, wonderful truffle fries and an awesome bar selection! Plus you can bring your dog on the patio. \n\nIt's a nice, local, family-run establishment.
The staff for the bar and the dining area is so terrible . I came here the first time and the waiter was very inattentive , my friends and I had to ask for everything , plus the plates and the silverware was still dirty . The second time I came here the bar tender seemed rude and didn't help me bring 4 drinks back to the bowling area . She couldn't even bring 4 of them to me at once and expected me to bring 4 to the bowling ally . Seriously , worst customer service I've ever had . If there was less than one star I'd give it to them .
Came here with a co-worker. Got a dr pepper from their really awesome modern soda machine. My co worker got a meatball sandwich. He said he was the best meat ball sandwhich he ever have. Which is saying a lot because his from ny, I believe they ate a lot of sandwiches haha... The service was fast. The place was really clean. Tried a bite of the meatball sandwhich, I hate meatball sandwhiches, to my amusement I really enjoyed this one.
Nein, VL und Subway kann und sollte man nicht vergleichen. VL bietet französische Baguettes, die meistens frisch gemacht werden. Daher ein paar Minuten mehr einplanen. Es gibt die angesprochenen Baaguette-Sandwiches, Quiches, Flammkuchen, Salate und Crepes. Die Baguettes kommen zwar nicht komplett an französische (bspw. bei Paul) ran, sind aber sehr lecker und "eigen": In Frankreich würde wohl niemand ein Sandwich mit Roastbeef, Meerrettich, Zwiebeln und Cornichons bestellen. Selber schuld! Man verpasst was. Wie auch immer: Bei VL kurz ein oder 2 Sandwiches mitnehmen ist nie verkehrt.
The best pho I've had in phoenix. Very tasty broth with good noodles. I would have liked more condiments, but no restaurants in Phoenix have enough condiments. \n\nEat here. It's great!
Had these donuts in OBX a couple years ago. They were awesome. So happy I don't have to drive 7 hours now. Pick up a dozen you won't regret it.
Well...I'll give ya this much.  The beef is good and the fries arent too bad either.  If I were basing my review solely on this, it would be a 4 and a half.  But sadly, this "One dollar sign" price logo is incorrect.  If you saw a fast food place that showed two dollar signs you would wonder why, so they surely arent going to let that happen...but this is no cheap lunch, and if overpaying for a beef combo is "Chicago style", than I will stop telling people where I am from.\n\nThere isnt a person wearing a Bears jersey out there that isnt going to tell you that a beef needs sweet and hot peppers and needs to be extra juicy.  I know people that will laugh at you if you dont do any of these things.  But here, your base lunch sandwich is $6.85!  Then any one of those three things (sweet peppers, hot peppers or au jus) will cost you an extra .65!  So you are looking at over 8 bucks for a standard size beef sandwich before you add on fries and I really dont know anybody who doesnt order fries with their lunch.  By the time I was done with the smallest fries and the smallest drink available, I was staring at a $13 bill for lunch.  If I had brought a date with me I would be looking at a $26, 10 minute lunch.  And my credit card receipt at the counter where I order and go back to get my order when its done shows a line for a tip.  Are you guys nuts?\n\nThe place does good business though it seems, so I may be the minority in feeling the pain in the pricing.  Its just that a fellow really should have some idea that this is no cheap lunch before he walks in this place...thats why I am writing this.  \n\nIf money is no object and you are craving a real Chicago beef...I think you will be happy with Lukes.  But I truly need to draw the line at their "Chicago style" mentality when a working class guy in Chicago couldnt afford to come here for lunch.  If you want a suggestion guys...  In Chicago, what I paid for the sandwich (once again, over $8), would have been a combo having a fries and a coke too.  The average Joe cannot drop $13 for an average lunch.  Either change your dollar signs to two $$ or do your best to offer a fair deal to a lunchtime crowd.   At least I wish you would!  It was a good sandwich!  But not a $13 lunch.
Oh my goodness. I can't even begin to describe the pure magnitude of joy that exudes when I bite into a fluffy doughnut. Ducks is an amazing delight with each bite, and an utter surprise of jubilation. The variety of toppings is endless: this makes each creation a magnificent mystery worth exploring. Do yourself a favor, go get a doughnut. I'm sure you deserve it!
Decided to keep kids busy between basketball tournaments. This place is located in the back of Town Square. Plenty of parking and entry is in the front AND back. \n\nTables in the dining area were nearly empty. Service was still almost nonexistent! When the waitress did come by, she was very laissez faire. She took orders and some items never came. We were rarely checked on in the few hours there. We didn't get the bill until we asked for it. As infrequently as we got serviced, the waitress is lucky we are honest people! \n\nFood is nothing to rave about. Typical quick fried and cooked food: burgers, fries, pizza, appetizers, salads... Plenty of tvs played sports. Plentynof tables for large groups. Side bar area for adults.\n\nGame room is a bit stuffy. Games could be updated. One side room has a few bowling lanes. Another is dimly lit, quiet, and has computers for virtual game play. Kids loved it.
I'm very picky about pho but I completely fell in love with this small restaurant ! I always get the pho shrimp. Amazing taste and staff are very friendly.
Had a great meal here the other day with a friend. \n\nI had the crispy chicken tacos and they were awesome. Three tacos with lots of chicken and veggies. Salsa was a little spicy but just barely. It looked small on the plate but was very filling. My friend had tostadas and liked them too. \n\nFor dessert we shared the churros - 3 churros on the plate with whipped cream on top. Weird presentation but tasted ok. Next time I think I'll skip the desserts, but will come back for tacos!
What a great experience.  So happy we weren't let down.  We were customers of Aiello's when they were open (same Owners) and always had a great meal.\nHad the fish & chips & fries and it was great.  The fish was so mild and fresh and the breading was delicious...not over breaded.  My husband had the burger and I tasted it (of course) and agreed with him, that it was a winner.  The dessert we had was the blueberry bread pudding with whiskey sauce and it was a home run!!  Of course, the best part of the whole experience was Brian, who always took care of us at Aiello's and now is at Charr.  We will definitely be returning.....many times!!
AMAZING.  This is a must stop for everyone (even if you HATE normal donuts).  The service is quick, the prices reasonable and the warm, delicious donuts are made to order! Can't beat this place.  Wish they had more locations.  Again, a must stop.  I recommend the "Panthers" special donut and anything with oreos or salted caramel.  You cannot go wrong!
Very unique concept. Made to order doughnuts that are totally unique and nothing like any doughnut you've had before! The whole place smells delicious, they also have great coffee. But, I can see the concept going further, it stops just short of being amazing.
Pho closest to me...and delicious! Sushi and Curry too! I love this place, been here a half a dozen times and never disappoints. Price is right, service is great and you can definitely find plenty of seating since they renovated. Lunch time is the best. It can be relatively slow compared to the bustle at dinner time. Great atmosphere too. I'll be back for sure!
Like this location way better than the old one. They need more games and to bring down the price for them. Most important Kids had a great time!
We loved Montessanos.  First time here since the change.  We loved it and will be back.  Service was great, food was great.
This place has the best breakfast special I come here every weekend morning that I can!! It runs from 9-11am on Fridays to Sundays (9:30-11:30 Mon-Thurs) and you can match 2 items on their breakfast combo menu + drink for $5.95. The portions are a great size and you leave feeling full! \n\nThe service is super fast. We ordered and received our meals in 10 mins. I got the two eggs and sausage with butter toast with the ham macaroni and everything was delicious. A very clean breakfast since nothing was too oily or fried and still super flavourful. We arrived pretty early at 9:30 so there was no wait at all but I've been here before around 10:30 and it could get crowded from all the people trying to make that 11am breakfast special cut-off.\n\nWhat's a plus as well is that they give complementary Chinese newspapers that you can take with you for someone who reads them (if you don't yourself).
Having seen brochures for the Springs Preserve since long before we moved to Vegas, I thought it was an over-hyped "pseudo-outdoor" attraction. And while there is a bit of that (pseudo-rock formations), I am sorry that we waited 3 years into our residency to get here. It's a really educational and beautiful place. \nBut the most pleasant surprise was the Divine Cafe. Located on the 2nd floor of the same building that houses the gift shop [and the "nature exchange"...an awesome idea], the cafe has a small but tasty menu. We were expecting the stale hot dogs and bagged popcorn that most zoos or amusement parks offer; instead we lucked into a new "favorite" lunch/brunch spot! This is real Vegas quality food...and we are talking from the perspective of a couple of spoiled Vegas foodies! The burgers are high quality, the shoestring fries are 'divine', the charcuterie plate (while not quite up to the standards of the Andiamo version that I adore) had an assortment of yummy bites at a very decent price. We can't wait to go back and try their brunch and pizza selections!\nAnd like every place in Vegas, the cafe serves a nice selection of adult beverages...again, at a very reasonable price, esp. relative to Strip prices.\nIf your guests are bored with the Strip...or if they have KIDS, take them to the Springs Preserve. We will be doing that...and we won't make a trip to the preserve without having lunch or brunch at Divine Cafe. Not only is it GOOD food at good prices; but oh, the VIEW of the Strip from the patio. Just go and enjoy some fresh air with great scenery, a nosh...and relax!
A Monte Cristo is by God a sandwich AND it is listed under the sandwich menu, so why the hell does it not come with the listed sides? The world may never know, as it pissed me off so much that we left.  I've had good food and enjoyed the good view  before, alas not today.
Great place. Friendly service. Good food. Much cleaner than the other pho places and friendly service. They actually talk to you and see how the meal is. Love close to my home.
Just had a less than spectacular lunch at Amaya Express at the Eaton Centre's new food court ("Urban Eatery"). \n\nMy husband ordered the lamb roti, only to be told they don't have that available. So he said he'd take the Chicken Tikka Roti instead.... Same response "not this week, maybe next week". So he said he's have the lamb box meal (with Black Eyed peas, "salsa", and rice). Again - they don't have it - "maybe next week!". So as a 4th option, he chose the Chicken Tikka box meal, and I had the Butter Chicken bowl. \n\nThe butter chicken was actually fairly satisfying - the chicken was tender and flavourful, and they added some chickpeas to the side which were also nice (and a bit spicy). As I ate though, I realized my rice was quite wet. No big deal though, the meal was okay. \n\nMy husband though was less than impressed. What he didn't realize when ordering the box, was that the Chicken Tikka would be cold. We presume it is chilled on purpose, for the wraps/roti? But it was a disappointment, considering he was expecting a warm meal, and it turned out not to be. \n\nThe staff all still seem to really be just learning the ropes. I know it is new (having just opened last week). But they must have had training before the food court opened? They all seemed to be lacking in knowledge of the food. They weren't clear when explaining what was out of stock. And when we asked near the cash "is that a mango shake?", we were told (in an unsure voice) by staff "I think it's a milkshake that kind of tastes like mango?". We also asked for vegetable samosas, but did not receive them (we don't think we paid for them either though). But it just seemed like overall the staff really weren't sure of themselves, and that had an impact on our overall impressions of the meal. \n\nNext time I will go to my old standby Fast Fresh Foods!
I will never go to Krispy Creme ever again! One of the best doughnuts I've ever had. The doughnuts were fresh out of the fryer which was awesome! We got two of the Panther specials with vanilla frosting and black and blue sprinkles and we should have got A DOZEN!! I give it a 10!! Check this place out!
I wish I could give this a lower score. \nI would never return here. We had 2 hours of time. And spent most of it walking around. Because they oversell the amount of people they let in.
My goto spot in Champaign. Great gyros, awesome Jerusalem salad! I'm so happy they re-opened after the fire. I've been a customer for 30 years
Brought my 3 children here on a Friday night. It is  loud so be prepared. \nWe originally bought 2 cards with $20 on them. After 10 minutes I realized they would be out of money real quick SO I inquired on the food and play option ($15 for an hour with one food item or $22 for 2 hrs and one food item) . You have to order select food, pay and then you can get your card. We were not hungry but since they wouldn't just sell me a card for the time, I ordered a pizza to go and brought it out to my car. With the hour/ 2 hour card it is simply good for playing. You do not collect "tickets" or points. I wish they would simply offer time ( no points) or per credit ( tickets earned) without having to order food. \nThe "prizes" are ok. I like that you can save the card and continue to save the points.
Been driving by this place for eons and have heard good things about so finally made the effort to go and check it out. I mean, how can you go wrong with all day breakfast, right?!\n\nI'm a huge eggs benny fan so their Bennyrama menu caught my eye.  What especially caught my eye was their Smoked Kielbasa & Swiss Benny. The platter came with their perfectly seasoned and fried homefries which alone, I'd go back for.  It was THAT good! I'd give that 5/5.  \n\nTheir portion was also pretty generous as with the amount of kielbasa they give you.  Was thickly cut and grilled nicely.  A little bit on the bland side but I would still order the kielbasa on its own as a side if I were to create my own platter.  I'd rate the kielbasa 4/5.\n\nThe eggs however were a huge disappointment.  It was so overcooked that they were practically hard boiled eggs.  I thought it was just mine but my friend who ordered the Eggs Florentine had the same thing.  Either the cook needs to learn how to properly poach an egg or they need to ask their customers if they want their eggs well done.  I personally prefer my eggs to be poached just enough that the yolk is still runny.  The hollandaise sauce also could've used a little more lemon.  If I were to rate the eggs alone, I'd rate it 0/5.  \n\nAs I enjoyed it enough (again, where can you get kielbasa on an eggs benny and those amazing homefries?!) I would go back but will have to make sure that they are advised not to overcook the eggs.
I'm from Scarborough and have my go-to spot so when I had made plans to meet up with a friend who lives in the area, I of course relied on good ol' yelp. This was the top rated so I thought, of course, why not? \n\nPlace is small and busy, but we were seated immediately. I read another review about the service level dropping closer to the end of the night and they weren't kidding. Though, it didn't really put a damper to our dining experience. \n\nSpring Rolls - Very crispy wrap yet the inside was a little on the dryer side. Thankfully, it came with the usual sauce. 4/5.\n\nPho with rare beef and beef balls - One of my usual picks at any Pho place. The broth was nice though I did flavour it with Oyster sauce and Sriracha. Am really now realizing that it was crazy salty as I'm thirsty AF. But it was still pretty good. Would I go back? Sure, if I were in the area again, but I wouldn't go out of my way. 4/5
as everyone said before... "SO EXCITED FOR A PHO PLACE SO CLOSE TO MY HOUSE!"\n\nwe came in and had the rolls which were deep fried and tasty.  the filling was delicious and packed full of flavor. \n\ni ordered the pho bowl with meatballs and flank. the bowl came out piping hot and the aromatics filled my senses. the first initial taste (without adding any condiments) was excellent! the broth was exactly what i wanted, the perfect comfort pho flavor of broth. \n\nhighly recommended for the price and the flavor. \n\nmy only real criticism would be the service.  they were extremely friendly however not very attentive with checking up on the table and dropping our check. i'm sure those kinks will be ironed out as they get more time under their belt. \n\nwe will be definitely back for more bowls.
Had my first trip to Duck Donuts last weekend during its first week of operation. I was extremely impressed with the speed, process, facility & workers. \n\nThe donuts are all the same: traditional cake donuts. You can pick your frosting/glaze, and then any addition toppings they offer. Everything is MTO so you know it's gonna be fresh! And with the endless options, you're gonna want to get at least a 1/2 dozen to try a bunch. \n\nMy favorites so far: maple bacon glaze with bacon crumble, orange glaze & vanilla frosted costing in cinnamon & sugar. \n\nI was very excited for the strawberry frosting, but was disappointed in the end. It was good, but not nearly the strawberry flavor that I was anticipating/hoping for. \n\nPeanut butter loves will love to peanut butter frosting with a chocolate drizzle and chocolate sprinkles
This restaurant has a new name it used to be called upper deck grill. Previous owner in restaurant was very friendly and have great menu. Staff and owner were very Golf friendly had great atmosphere and wonderful menu. New staff is not golf friendly and doesn't have same golf atmosphere. Taylor made should address this. Menu and prices are not as good as previous owners. Took way to long to get good and my appetizer came out with meal\nWhen I complained they just didn't respond.
I first discovered these amazing cake doughnuts on a trip to the beach in Duck, NC. I'm so excited to have them here in Charlotte even though it's quite a haul from my neck of the woods to Dilworth. \n\nFresh, warm cake doughnuts are made while you watch in anticipation. They smell heavenly and are delectable even plain.  With the infinite array of toppings, they are amazing. It's best to fill out an order sheet and customize away. All toppings are included in the price. \n\nSimple cinnamon sugar--unbeatable. \nDunked in chocolate--decadent. \nTopped in zesty lemon glaze--OMG!  \n\nThe toppings can be combined:\nVanilla drizzled with chocolate. \nLemon drizzled with strawberry. \nChocolate coated in coconut.  \nThe possibilities are endless. . .  And you really can't go wrong customizing a doughnut. In the mood for maple bacon, then go for it!\n\nI will be back far too often. This is whole different experience than a Krispy Kreme (which is also amazing). They are almost different food groups.
Tandoori Times is one of the newer Indian restaurants to sprout up in the Valley, and they've decided to be a bit different. Nestled within Old Town Scottsdale, the friendly, affable owner knows that in order to succeed, his restaurant has to be both A) good and B) entertaining. \n\nThe ambiance of the place is definitely a step up from most Indian joints. He has several booths semi-enclosed by see-through fabric and a full stocked bar. The food is pretty good - the naan is so far the best by miles I've had in the Phoenix metro. However, I noticed that they skimp on the meat & chicken dishes. Not wise, my friend, for your brown patrons DO notice that amidst all the tasty gravy there's like two meat nuggets and not much else. Given that the dishes here are at least a couple more dollars expensive than elsewhere, the skimping is kind of inexcusable.\n\nBut hey! If you're there on Friday or Saturday nights, there's a belly dancer! Because that's the first thing we all think of when we go eat Indian food: a girl belly dancing to Bollywood soundtracks! Kickass.\n\nIn all seriousness, Tandoori Times is a good, clean place and a step up from most other Indian restaurants in the Valley. But prepare to shell out more duckets, even though your carnivorous cravings may be lost while swimming through all that gravy.
Trattoria Italia is a refreshing authentic italian restaurant. Excellent service and healthy portions.  Perfect for families looking for an affordable night out. Best Value and Quality in Henderson.
If you looking for a filling breakfast to start your day then look no further. \n\nTried the big breakfast just to see how big it was. 4 Eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, 2 Ham, 2 fluffy pancakes, 2 buttered toast, 2 slices of cantaloupe and a huge pile of Cajun spiced potatoes. This meal will fill the biggest of eaters and will put you in an instant food coma. I think the meal was $11.49 but don't quote me on that. I was so out of it after finishing the meal that I forgot how much I paid.\n\nAlso got a chance to try the smoked kielbasa Swiss Benny and I believe it was $12.49 for this meal. The hollandaise sauce was okay and the eggs were poached really well. The smoked meat was like sausage meat which was good but I much prefer smoked salmon.\n\nThe service was quick as there were not many customers. Overall, a pretty decent breakfast joint.
Food is delicious.  Everything tastes amazing.  I didn't have one bad thing here.  The only reason it's not 5 stars is due to the language barrier.  Sometimes it takes abbot to get across what you want to the waiters.  Check this place out of you want authentic amazing dim sum
Quite a few steam tables here at Dynasty and they were doing a great job of keeping them fresh and filled during the lunch rush. Even with most of the tables filled and a lot of people coming and going, the buffet was kept quite clean.\n\nSushi was meh with a small selection and nothing especially creative. The rice was not the right kind but they were certainly trying.\n\nService was excellent. "Candy" did a super job of keeping drinks filled and being friendly while she cleared our dirty plates.
Delicious, creative, refreshing. The bowls are just the perfect amount where you can still enjoy a few cocktails as well.
Came here for lunch. Cozy kind of place.  Its a nice HK cafe kind of place. Serves you tea. Free WiFi. Food is pretty good and portions are decent. Lots of room for large groups or just a couple of people. Perfect for a quick bite. Would definitely come back for food!
This is my second favorite HK style cafe for breakfast/lunch/dinner other then New city. This place is pretty consistent and their milk tea is on point.  That's what makes or breaks a HK style cafe. If their milk tea sucks,  then I won't be coming back.  But I give this place a thumbs up for their milk tea. Nice and strong. Couple be a little bit hotter though. \n\nTheir afternoon tea menu has gotten better. I remember  when they first opened it was a bit lacking and the choices weren't as great. I noticed they improved it... I'm willing to try more. \n\nOverall, opens early and closes late for snacks. Great job!!! I will be a regular here.
Very good Chinese buffet. We enjoy a lot of the items on the buffet. Decent Hibachi Grill and sushi. They moved to a bigger location which is nice. Service has always been good. Nice desert bar with ice cream bars and cups in it.
Kids love this place but allot of the games are not working.  Upgraded games/maintenance is desperately needed. Not sure if the old games are them trying to be Retro or cheap.  \n\nRestaurant is empty because the food is just okay and service is less than desirable. \n\nIt's average but with potential.
For the price, I've gotta say it's not bad. It's filling food that doesn't tastes average and is a killer for the value. But for the theme and subject of their menu, I've gotta say I've tasted better for the same price. I've always loved mediterannean food, and since it's a hit at college campuses, i've had quite a sampling in the past several ears. Zorba's is, pretty much just average. The gyro meat was not too flavorful, the pita they used was extra thick, and I was pretty impartial to the cucumber sauce they used. As a college student on a budget, this place is amazing due to their large portions, decent food, and cheap price. As someone who has moved on from the pizza/ramen diet and who is starting increasingly to value quality more than quantity, this place is just aight.
Decided to try out a different breakfast spot than the usual Markham Station and Honey B.\nI got the Eggs Florentine, and it was very tasty. I'm not a huge fan of their home fries, but that's just me personally. The pancakes aren't dry unlike some other places. Service was a bit slow, and I could tell some customers were getting impatient. Overall not a bad place to go to, a solid 3.5/5.
Good food and great service last night. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they were out of salmon, and although extremely delicious, our Lemoncello bread pudding was awfully small in portion for being $8. Also, it was served in an extremely hot skillet which made the ice cream melt super quick, but the bread pudding was only warm in some places and actually cold, (like right out of the fridge), in other spots. All in all, a good dining experience though.
Terrific pizza place - the best in the area as far as pizza chains go (without going gourmet). Dough/crust is good, even the whole wheat one. Cheese is excellent, great flavour and nice stringiness. Sauce is good as well. There's a pretty strong offering of a variety of toppings and the pizza is topped generously with them. \n\nPrices are a great value - think of this place as Pizza Nova quality (even slightly better I'd say), but with Domino's pricing.\n\nThat they deliver is an added plus. Pizza came hot and on time. Wish that the person taking the order on the phone was a bit friendlier and confirmed the total pricing after taxes before hanging up though.
This place was packed on a Monday evening!  Parking lot is behind the building and the entrance to the parking lot is next to the restaurant called Luna's.  They have patio seating which is great when you want to enjoy your meal and your Cleveland weather at the same time!  The service wasn't the fastest but what do you expect when the place is overcrowded with people.  I went in there with 6 people and they seated us with a small 4 seater table, so two of us had eat off the corner of this small table.  This wouldn't have bothered me so much if there wasn't any bigger tables available but there was on the other side of the restaurant.  The guacamole of the day was delicious and you could tell the vegetables were fresh.  We all ordered a build your own taco which was awesome because none of us wanted the same ingredients in our tacos which was convenient.  To add on to my 3 star rating, all of our tacos were served cold which did not make us happy.  Our server didn't even arrive until she saw that all of our plates were empty to ask how everything was.  If she had come earlier we would of said something but we waited almost an hour and 15 minutes to get our tacos and didn't want to wait anymore because we were starving. After we finished eating and noticed we were going to stay longer to continue drinking, they then put us in 6 seater table.  \n\nOverall this place was clean, service is ok, and if you don't mind cold tacos then you should try it. Pulled pork came out super dry that not even the salsa could help it.  Spicy marinated chicken was delicious and moist.  Steak was over cooked as well. But the salsa, guacamole, and vegetables in the tacos were fresh and delicious.
Was in Charlotte for a day and was looking forward to checking them out. Place was cool, staff was nice, and the coffee wasn't bad. Didn't realize it was a build your own donut concept which I'm not a fan of. Donuts just fall apart being so hot and heavy. \nNice staff, just wouldn't recommend the donuts .
We have become semi regular customers and I hesitate to let the secret out, but I can't keep quite. This place is a must try. The menu is awesome they have something you want and it is diversified. We had a egg roll, Cesar, and a pork ribeye. Wow! I am hard on restaurants and they may make a mistake but everyone is human. Give them a try and come hungry. Just stay away on Friday that's our night lol!
Really great authentic Mexican food. Great server. We came with two children 4 and 5 years old they liked the food too. Just be careful with the guacamole as it was spicy for children. Very tight squeeze in a small restaurant but well worth it once our food came!! Pork or fish tacos were kid friendly.
Everything was fresh...lots of variety -- buffet, sushi and hibachi. Will definitely be back!
Ordered saki bombs, wine, and sushi on the happy hour menu.  Four adults and drink's around $90 with tip. Very good value!
Obviously there's nothing better than warm, customized donuts. Duck Donuts is great. It's a great, affordable place to go in and get your customized donuts. The bacon is probably the best on any donut in town. The cinnamon sugar donut is amazing. I'm only giving it a 4 because they've got a competitor down the road that is through the roof. However, this is in a great location, family friendly, and they provide quick service. I get overwhelmed standing in line trying to figure out what we will do
Everything here was average. The service, the food tasting, the price.. very typical hong kong style cafe in markham. Nothing stood out or seemed below average than other places.\nThey have a lot of variety in their menu though, way more than other hk style cafes.
First time checking out gameworks new location.  And it was awesome.  Love the set up.  Lots of T.V.s. Sports bar feel with video games.  Whats not to love.  Played almost every game in the place with there unlimited hour game card.  Really fun games.  Lots of choices.  Dark escape 4D is by far the tightest game there.   I could play that for hours.  \nThe food I thought was average bar food.  Had the buffalo wings.  Nice size wings, perfectly cooked crispy yet juicy inside.  Could of been a little spicier and saucier.  But still really good. Would order again.   Wasn't sure how it would be with all the negative reviews.  But I'll be back for sure.  Cool place to catch a NBA game.  Have a few drinks,  do a little gaming.
Best pho restaurant in Toronto! Very authentic and the staff are super friendly (although they merely just greet you and bring you your order). My love and I go there at least once or twice per week. We tried other pho places and it's just not the same... Try the veggie/tofu pho and the spicy hue noodle (it's only available on the weekends though). Oh and they're owned operated by actual Vietnamese as oppose to Chinese...
Went there because of hearing good reviews of their burgers.\nBurgers are good but overpriced at about $15.\nFrys came out half way through meal and not with burger. Also "caramelized " onions were just greasy and fried. Staff okay but when expressed concern about above, they became arguementive.\nIn breif, restaurant has potential but needs improvement. Much better places for mid  to high\nend burgers in Valley.
A month ago I probably would have given this place 4 or 5 stars. We tended to come here almost weekly, most of the wait staff knew us and our usual orders. However as others have said the menu has completely changed and it is very likely going to drive away most of their old customer base who visited the restaurant for sushi.\n\nAs of February 19th Red is now a Vietnamese restaurant, and while there is nothing wrong with that, we enjoy Vietnamese food, it's not why we went to Red. There are very few sushi rolls left (very standard ones you can find anywhere), majority of the appetizers and main dishes have changed - definitely not a Japanese restaurant anymore. If you want Japanese food, you are going to have to go somewhere else now. The rolls I did have (Tootsie and Vegas), didn't taste much different, but I would need to try others to be certain on taste. Sadly I will not likely being trying other rolls because we will probably not be coming back once a week anymore. Truly unfortunate as it's hard enough to find decent sushi in Arizona.
Pretty neat place. Arcade, bar, bowling, and even karaoke all in one. Only downside tons of children and teenagers everywhere. My friends and I came here for happy hour I believe 9-midnight and it was pretty decent. Happy hour beers were I believe $3 and appetizers $5-$10. We got the mozzarella sticks , pretzel bites, and nachos. Everything was a shareable size between 2 people. The mozzarella sticks and nachos were pretty standard. I like the pretzel sticks but there wasn't enough cheese and if you let them sit too long they became a little tough. Also they have a 8 lane bowling alley. No one was in there besides us so it was a very private experience. We will be back!!!
Best Vietnamese food in this neighborhood! Not only is the food cheap and delicious, they also make it super fast -- I always get it in under 5 minutes!
Sooooo good!\n\nMy friend had heard about Tandoori Times through his Indian work mate. I must say we were pretty excited to try and had rather high expectations. \n\nI was able to make reservations online which was great although we didn't receive a confirmation email so I wasn't sure if our table really did get reserved. I called to confirm yesterday and they received our reservation - all was good.\n\nTandoori Times in located in a plaza in Scottsdale off Hayden. It's kind of tucked in the back but there is plenty of parking near by. It was really cute - didn't look like your typical Indian restaurant. In fact, it looked more like a little American cafe with very minimal decor. We were seated immediately and noticed they had a belly dancer - always fun to watch! We took note there were a lot of Indian patrons enjoying dinner here (always a good sign).\n\nWe shared the Aloo Tikki (Potato patty served with garbanzo beans, onions, mint & tamrind chutney), Garlic & plain Naan bread, Mango Chutney, Chicken Masala (Base of onions, ginger garlic, and vine ripened tomatoes combined with chicken), Lamb Vindaloo (Lamb cubes cooked in a special vindaloo aromatic sauce with potatoes) & Chicken Vindaloo (Chicken cooked in special vindaloo aromatic sauce with potatoes). The food was very good and the Vindaloo had a serious kick to it so if you aren't into spicy curries you may want to have them tone it down. The thing I normally notice with Indian food is it can be on the salty side...not Tandoori Times though. The combination of fresh flavors and spice really was art like. Oh and the Mango Chutney was perfect - my British friends and I thought we had died and went gone to heaven.\n\nThe service was really good and our waiter had a great sense of humor. Gotta love service with a side of humor or sarcasm. :) We brought a birthday cake with us and to my surprise the restaurant didn't charge us that  stupid cake cutting fee. I hate it when restaurants charge for that. I can cut my own cake! The belly dancer was really good and as the boys said with a smile "she's really flexible". The only negative was the music was really loud and we weren't able to talk with out having to raise our voices.\n\nGive it a go! It's delici.
Poor service! Waited forever for the pasta and when it finally arrived it tasted like it came right out of a can. Won't be back!!!!
The guy on the phone was a total douche and said they would not deliver to me because I was  "too far away". I live 1.6 miles from the establishments. When you say delivery do you mean just the distance we can walk without having to work too hard. Not a great way to run a customer service oriented business.
Incredible prices and awesome selection of tea, with a selection unlike anything you can find at stabucks or david's tea. I really enjoyed the Tibetan lavender tea. They also have hookah and board games. I love the sitting arrangement and the decor of this place and how intimate the place feels. I also love how the menu is entirely vegetarian and has vegan options. The staff are very friendly and welcoming. Location is close to Bathurst station. I will definitely be back.
This place opened up with a creative and diverse food and cocktail menu, and has consistently added awesome new items to the menu! I love Thursdays at Yuzu, half off tequila shot/cocktails! The tandoori chicken is a must try, as is the Korean beef bowl. The staff is amazing here as well :) always a friendly, fun bartender serving up pure genius drinks! There is also a quieter dining area for those looking for a more family oriented or intimate dining experience! Definitely check this place out!
I live right down the street from this McDonald's so of course I come here all the time but tonight will be my last time. I spent $16 and change and asked for BBQ sauce for my fries but they wanted to charge me more money for the sauce. I didn't ask for a bunch. Just one or two in place of ketchup. Instead of giving me BBQ sauce they ended up getting the food back and giving me my money back. I guess Wendy's will start getting my money.
I took my wife and daughter for lunch. Everyone enjoyed the food.  In my opinion, the shrimp was overdone. All else was good. The service was great.  I noticed that while the ice cream scoop was, indeed, in water, there was running water in the container making sure the water was regularly changed. Would definatly go there again.
My friend and I happened to stumble upon this restaurant after being unprofessionally turned down by Rose and Sons 4 minutes walk away (See my review on them under my account).\n\nThey had the cutest patio out front, but it was way too hot and humid and I was so hungry and tired I needed food in my belly while being comfortable too. I didn't realise until later, but Barrio Coreano is part of this chain, and I loved that place too!\n\nI started with the Guaca Fresca. It was made to order in a lava rock molcajete. I had it in medium spice and it was perfect! Smooth zesty with a bit was sweet and spice. I am not sure if they make the chips in house too, but they were quite good too! crunchy not oily and not overly salted.\nI also ordered the  Ancho Braised Short-rib - Brisket Crispy Tacos. I made such a mess but it was so worth it! I didn't even care my face was covered in saucy Short-rib goodness. \nThe tacos were so flavourful and juicy. It was loaded with a lot of good ingredents like AAA Ontario Beef shortrib, ancho chiles, pico de gallo, guac, and homemade crema.\n\nThe restaurant had a rustic Mexican feel. I felt like I was in a Mexican truck stop. A clean safe Mexican truck stop with clean cutlery LOL!!!\n\nThe servers and bartenders were very friendly and welcoming. I didn't have a reservation booked and they seemed busy, but they still accommodated us...unlike Rose and Sons which a reservation was booked!\n\nI will go back there again maybe at night to see how their ambience transitions.
If you're going to stuff your face with donuts, you might as well make every calorie worth it, right?  Duck Donuts definitely satisfied my craving, and I would rate the donuts at a solid "good".  Here's the scoop:\n\nThe Draw:  You walk in and you can literally see the donut machine making the donuts.  You can also fully customize your donuts.  You want Bacon with Chocolate frosting?  Done.  You want orange glaze with rainbow sprinkles?  Done.  Best part is that someone else gets to make the mess creating your donuts and you get to eat them.  Win...Win.\n\nWhen to go:  The weekdays.  I stopped in here a little after lunchtime and there were only two people in line.  Based on what I read about the weekend lines, I think I'll avoid this place on a Sat/Sun.\n\nWhat to order:  The Seasonal and Daily Donuts.  Yeah, ok they have sprinkles and bacon and all that fun stuff, but why not order what interesting creation they come up with!  I got the French Toast and Pumpkin Spice donuts.  Pumpkin was the winner.\n\nWhy I would go again:  For selfish reasons, I love that I can make whatever donut I want and get creative without actually doing the work.  This is also a great concept for anyone looking to create a personalized gift, thoughtful gift for someone with all of their favorite toppings...even if that someone is yourself!
This place is great!!! Very relaxing and great for any sporting event! I wish would have come here for at least one browns home game this year but if they keep up the fantastic service, food and drink I will be back for next football season. This is also a great place to just relax with friends. They have an area with couches and t.vs. You can reserve ahead of time. This would be great for a birthday party as well. We will be going back.
This place has:\n\n- Pulled pork sandwiches.\n- Artisan Roast coffee.\n- Nick Cave playing in the background.\n\nNeed I say more?
I stopped in here for lunch the other day.  I had intended to get there about 11 but it was almost noon and I had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  Being lunch, any more of a wait and I would have gone elsewhere.  Right now they are running their $8.95 all you can eat pasta special with choice of soup or salad.  I had two different pastas and a big bowl of salad.  I love the pasta and like the salad, the food is always consistent from one location to another.  This location always seems a little more crowded and hectic than the one on 75th. If I could use half stars it would be a 3-1/2.
One of the best museum Cafes around! My family and I really enjoy having lunch here after our regular visit to the Springs Preserve grounds & museums. I think they offer a nice variety of great food at fair prices. So far, I really haven't had anything Ive disliked. Have tried the burger, wedge salad with chicken, Cuban sandwich, chicken sandwich & Hawaiian teriyaki bowl. All good, fresh food & good portions. I have brought a few friends here who hadn't eaten at the cafe before & they were all pleasantly surprised. When the weather gets nice outside (spring & fall), we really like sitting outside & having lunch while enjoying the amazing views. Highly recommend checking it out.
I ordered to-go from UberEATS and this place did not disappoint. Super yummy, even as take out. I would definitely order from here again. The onion rings and Mac n cheese are awesome!!
Im pretty impressed with this little place. There are many places where you can get two entrees and two appetizers for under $20. Now, we did receive a 10% discount but that's only a few bucks in savings (appreciative of the discount though). \n\nThe shrimp spring rolls were light and delicious. I don't like peanut sauce so I dipped them in tamari and ponzu.\n\nThe egg rolls were very good! I'm not a big egg roll because their usually greasy and heavy, but these are light and full of flavor. \n\nMy husband and I both ordered the #24 which is Pho with steak. The broth is bold and has a refreshing ginger taste. The steak is good, but was under seasoned. With the cilantro, Thai basil, scallions, chili paste and broth, the lack of flavoring in the steak is most certainly not a deal breaker. \n\nRight now, they are offering 10% of the entire bill. \n\nIf you haven't tried this place and are looking for a yummy, inexpensive meal check this place out and support a local business.
We celebrated a friend's birthday at Playa Cabana this year for some good Mexican eats. The restaurant is very small and popular so reservations are a must!\n\nWe had some drinks to start off the night-\nPlaya Paloma ($9) - a traditional Mexican margarita with Grapefruit infused Tromba blanco\nAmber agave ($8) - secret house margarita made with El Jimador reposado 100% de agave, sweetened with raw organic agave nectar from the tequila plant and a splash of freshly squeezed orange juice\nMexican iced tea ($10) - Tromba blanco tequila, los Arango reposado tequila. Cazadores añeja tequila, triple sec, freshly squeeze lime, and Coca Cola\nI had the Amber agave and it was, hands down, the best margarita I've had!  I really wanted to order another one, but unfortunately couldn't because I had to drive later that night.  \n\nWe started off with the guaca fresca ($8), which was absolutely delicious! It was so fresh and creamy, I just wanted to eat this all night long! The guaca fresca comes in mild, medium, and hot. We asked for mild and they gave us two types of hot sauce on the side. I enjoyed both of them, but the habanero one (on the left) was really quite spicy, even for me. The other one- a roasted chile arboles salsa- was just perfect!\n\ntacos de pescado ($13) Baja-style with catch of the day, fresh battered with Tecate-cerveza. I can't recall what the catch of the day was, but I didn't particularly care for it. The fish wasn't as flaky and light as I'd like it to be. \n\nAncho braised short rib-brisket crispy tacos ($14)- AAA Ontario Beef short rib braised in ancho chiles wrapped in fresh corn tortillas and griddled to a golden crispiness, served with pico de gallo, guacamole and homemade crema. This was definitely a heavier taco, and the flavours were also a lot bolder. The short rib-brisket combination was extremely juicy, resulting in an incredibly messy eating process (not that I'm complaining). All in all, I enjoyed the crispy taco, but it was so filling that I wouldn't be able to eat more than one.  \n\nPlaya burrito with pork carnitas ($14), served with fresh guac, pico de gallo, crema, green tomatillo sauce and red tomato sauce. I'm not a big fan of  burritos in general, but I've read so many great reviews about the ones here that I was sorely tempted to try one. First of all, I thought the presentation was so pretty with the two contrasting sauces. Secondly, the portion was huge- our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomach! I was intimidated by the sheer massiveness of all the that pork, rice and beans- it was almost like a brick. In the end, Mel and I struggled to finish the whole burrito, and neither of us liked the green tomatillo sauce that much. To be fair, this was probably a very good burrito, but it was just not for me\n\nBecause it was a birthday celebration, we obviously had to have dessert! First up, an order churros ($6). Unfortunately, I didn't love this version, as the dough was a little too dense and   the flavours were lacking a punch because they ran out of the cajeta dipping sauce.\n\nThe second dessert was a traditional Mexican flan ($7), and while it didn't look very pretty, the flavours certainly made up its looks. The flan was velvety smooth and rich, and even the side of whipped cream was delectable!\n\nI really enjoyed dinner at Playa Cabana. The drinks were excellent, and I'd come back just for the guaca fresca! Though next time, I'd probably stay away from the burrito.
Finally came here after driving by on the way home every day, and we're a little mad at ourselves for waiting for so long. We ordered the jerk chicken, rice and beans, fried plantains, Mac and cheese and ox tail. All perfect, no complaints. Plantains cooked to perfection, not a soggy, soppy mess. I'll admit that I'm not very experienced in Caribbean eatery - but this place just has good food.
Dlish didn't really live up to my expectations when I decided to stop in today for lunch. The menu was pretty disjointed (gyro? Thanksgiving wrap? Buffalo chicken?) but I chalked it up to variety, and tried the thanksgiving wrap while my husband had the dlish special (steak and such) and we got some salt and pepper fries to split. The server taking our order was very quiet, and was not very professional in his dress or demeanor. \n\nThe fries were pretty good, they served them with ranch dressing. Pretty standard fried sticks of potatoes. Not a lot of salt of pepper for calling them that.\n\nI decided on the thanksgiving wrap because I like a certain local sandwich shop's thanksgiving Sammy - this was not that. I almost wish it was served cold - it was pretty mushy and lacked seasoning to me. My husband said his was just okay (I didn't taste it though). \n\nMaybe we ordered the wrong things, or it was a bad day, but I still don't get the mustache thing.
To whom it may concern,\n\nMy name is Nicole, and I have been in love with this/these restaurant(s) for the past 3 years. I went for my Birthday, March 2nd, last year for my 30th. There was an unfortunate mix-up and the restaurant called an hour before my reservation to inform me that they had overbooked, and that I'd have to sit at the bar until a table became available. However, they accommodated us with a free "Cubeta De Camaron", which was delicious, and 20 minutes later, we were seated with lovely service.\n\nI decided to come to Playa Cabana again for my 31st Birthday. Our reservation was for 7:30pm. Upon arriving, the host proceeded to sit us at the bar. I explained, "I made a reservation earlier in the week for a table. Not to sit at the bar". The host responded, "We can sit you wherever we need to". Slightly off-put, my significant other and I hesitatingly sat down at the bar, ordered a Dos Equis and "Bucket Of Shrimp", since we had enjoyed it so much last time. I asked if he'd be able to accommodate us at a table at some point. He said no, unless we wanted to wait around until 9pm. Our "Bucket Of Shrimp" arrived, and there were literally 8 shrimps, in a basket. My significant and I inquired with the bartender about the inconsistency from last time. Asking if they changed the menu, and why it still insinuated, "bucket" on the menu. The bartender knew we were getting frustrated, and spoke to the  Manager, "Sergio", who proceeded to literally shrug his shoulders and walk away. As somebody who works in the customer service industry, I know this was completely atrocious behavior. I told my boyfriend that I'd rather go some place else, and visited the ladies room before we left. I noticed my significant other patted the host on the back, and informed him of his great customer service (With a sarcastic undertone). While I know my partner was disgruntled with Sergio, he proceeded to accuse us of "assault", showed us the door, and told us we weren't welcome back, to any of the locations.\n\nWhat really upsets me about these circumstances, is that I'm a pretty laid back person. I consider myself to be very understanding, and even tried to explain why I was so upset before leaving. And that my boyfriend was just standing up for me, that it was not a personal attack. My explanation was dismissed, and we were told repeatedly to "get out", without an apology, and without hearing us out. We were treated as if our anger was unwarranted and invalid. (Which only made us more angry) We left.\n\nIn conclusion, I had been looking forward to this Birthday dinner for months, as I don't get to come to Playa Cabana as often as I'd like. Special occasions. I tell everyone about how great this place is, and bring friends from out of town here. I know it's a busy place, probably causes quite a bit of stress for the employees, but this experience was probably the worst experience I've ever had in my life. I feel sick to my stomach, and there was no way I could not write this since I could not get a hold of another manager. The food and atmosphere at Playa Cabana is exceptional. The morale however, has proved to me, an entirely different story. Thank you for your time.\n\n\nNicole.
Poor customer service. If there was a negative star, I'd rate it that. They should not accept walk ins at all and clearly state for reservations only rather than practice ambiguity. \n\nWe walked in, was told it could be an hour wait and the reservation girl took our name and phone number. We then walked back to the end of the line and by the time we were the last ones standing (30 mins wait) everyone in front of us were seated and no one else behind us, the same reservation person looked at us with "who are you?" look. She shoo'd us away after waiting in line for so long and told us the reservations basically filled up the night. Why did you take our name in the first place? Unbelievable.\n\nSkip this restaurant, its not worth the wait, the parking fee and the nasty service from poorly managed reservation. Just head on over to El Trompo for both excellent service and authentic Mexican Food.
My wife and I decided to try to go out for some montreal smoked meat for our datenight.  It was very good.  Nice moist meat stacked high with a little mustard on rye bread.  The fries reminded me of mcdonalds fries but cut much thicker which i loved and so did my wife.  The only thing i didnt enjoy was the pickle.  I was expecting something crunchier.
I am reviewing the buffet and I couldn't be more thrilled. Friday - Sunday it's unlimited Naan- just sayin! We had Lamb, Chicken, Goat, and some of the best vegetarian dishes all on the buffet - which is not common - they were all sampled and everything from texture to taste was fantastic. \n\nService was amazing as well, the staff and management were quick on the drink refills and the attention was well timed yet not too much (a hard balance to strike).\n\nCome enjoy a gem in the heart of the Mccormick Ranch stretch of Scottsdale!
I've lived and searched Las Vegas for 9 years looking for great Italian food.....the search is over.....forget the overpriced Strip.....best Italian west of New York City!!!!
Just finished eating here. Great food, great service, i'll definitely be back! 2AM burger is awesome, and the truffle fries are good. Good neighborhood spot for sure. Started off with the chili wings and they were delightful.
Had lunch @ Dynasty 7Dec in their NEW location. Still in Franklin Square in the front. Building clearly marked. Scratch and forget all the other reviews. This is brand new location. Yesterday second day there. They really out done themselves imo. The place is awesome with several new items on buffet. Very clean and I always get Candy if she's working. Best service and food.\n\nOnly thing I hate, but figured it had to happen. Price went up for buffet and water from 6.36 to 7.47 inc. tax.
I don't think you can go wrong at this place. Even if you don't like donuts it's a must try. INCREDIBLE. So fresh make your own etc. do your self a favor and atleast get 1/2 dozen so you can try a few. They are insanely good.
This is one of my favorite local joints. My son has severe shellfish allergies and they have always been very attentive to that. There is a nice selection of food and we have always had great waitstaff. We have never been to Charr where Joe, the owner, hasn't come over to greet us. He is very active in our community helping our schools raise money for things like music programs. We appreciate Joe and love Charr
So.....went there for early dinner. Atmosphere is good, bar is nice. Pizza....not so much. The sauce is super sweet and what is the sausage they use on the pizza? It's like deer pellets.  It resembles the sausage that comes in McDonald's burritos. No bueno.  We also had the Polish Jalapeño Sausage Bites. Those were good.  They were supposed to come with ranch but ours didn't. Good nonetheless. Chuggers pizza is SO much better.  In fact, Chuggers pizza is better than any pizza we gave had in NEO since moving back to Ohio in July, 2015.
Way overpriced. We happened to be walking by and thought we'd take our niece inside to play some games. We bought the card with the credits before we noticed the price of the game. On average the games are 9 credits! 1 credit equals 1 quarter, so the games average $2.25! Never coming back again.
Has a very comfortable, casual atmosphere - good for date night or dining with kids. Has a very deep craft beer list and some nice craft cocktails. Food was good, I had the Drunken chops with glazed BBQ sauce, wife went with Mahi-mahi. Would have been nice if entrees included side salads and a small bread bowl. That would have been more consistent with price and expectations.
I came because of the yelp reviews. But now I'm going to keep coming because the food proved itself. It's soooo good. It's a little bit pricier than some of the other places in Kensington Market but they offer some really good stuff here. One of my personal favorite is the Playa burrito. It's so filling you can probably split it with someone. They also have a really big patio at the back so don't be fooled by how tiny the storefront looks. Service was really slow but good made up for it.
it was ok.  I'm in south Charlotte, so this was a bit inconvenient to get to.  The line moves fast, the cashier was very nice.  Donuts were pretty good, but $7 for a half dozen and 2 of my 6 donuts were not correct.  Parking and seating both limited.\nPer my lovely Yelper friend Bianka's request I will add they are not airy like Krispy Kreme, nor heavy and cakey like Dunkin Donuts - they're right in the middle. You choose the cream (lemon, strawberry, maple etc) and toppings (sugar, coconut, bacon etc). They are also not oversized like most gourmet doughnuts, so I guess I'll just call them MTO.
I'm not too much of an Italian food person, but once in a while I do get a craving. Their Antipasto appetizer was yummy. I just wish there was more cheese offered. \n\nTheir chicken marsala is pretty delicious as well. Got a side of mushrooms and mixed some in, since I'm a big mushroom fan, although the side of mushrooms could have been a great side by itself. Great flavor. The meat sauce that came with the baked penne was yummy as well. There really wasn't a lack of flavor on anything. \n\nFor dessert, had the cannolis. Great way to end a nice meal. Yes, their meals are by all means not cheap, but you really get a great serving. Plenty of food for leftovers that were equally good the next day. If ever I get the craving for Italian again, I'll visit this place for sure.
It's okay. The only reason we keep coming back is because of the Groupon deal they offer. It's great if you're bored and want to kill time. The Ticket games are way too expensive though. Even the Groupon deal doesn't get you very far with them. Now for the games you can use the all-day pass on, it's cool. They have a variety, but you can get bored quite quickly. There's always 2-3 broken though. But, my son likes the motorcyle thing, so that's what we use it over and over on. Even with the all day pass, we don't spend more than 2 hours here, ever. Like I said BUT, my son likes to go here, even if he gets bored quickly. But then again, he's 5 years old so, even an empty brown box can entertain him.
I've lived near Charr for quite some time and FINALLY stopped in for dinner....OMG it is SOOOO GOOD! If you're in the mood for a burger that is on the gourmet end of the spectrum you won't be disappointed. Everything we tried was delicious, including the truffle fries and sweet potato fries. My boyfriend was also very pleased with the beer selection.
On our way home we found this place on yelp. So glad we stopped in. Great food, reasonable, cozy atmosphere, very friendly staff. We will definitely be back here soon!
Hands down My Favourite Breakfast joint in the whole of Scarberia!\n\nCame in on a Sunday Morning around 11:30am and the place was packed. Slight line up with 3 couples ahead of us waiting to be seated. We waited not more than 10 minutes I'd say before we were seated.\n\nThe restaurant itself is not that huge but they from what we observed they pump out food fast and so you never have to wait too long for a table.\n\nWe were seated in the front at a four seater table beside a window that ran down the entire length of the restaurant. I liked that table had a fully stocked caddy with a selection of various jams, jellies, and even peanut butter!\n\nThe menu is pretty standard of any chain breakfast spot consisting of a variety of egg dishes, create your own omelet, breakfast sandwiches, waffles, and pancakes.\n\nI decided to keep it simple and order the 3 eggs any style served with fresh fruit, homes fries and toasted bread - I think it's a steal at only $4.99.\n\nMy fiance steps it up a notch and orders the Eggs-N-More combo which includes 3 eggs any style, choice of bacon, sausage, or ham and choice of 2 fluffy pancakes or 2 slices of french toast plus the accompanying fresh fruit, homes fries and toasted bread - Again I think it's priced very fairly at only $8.99\n\nTo drink we both order 2 cups of black coffee which smells delicious and tastes equally delicious and comes piping hot. Our waiter is very attentive and friendly and refills our coffee prior to alerting us our meals are coming up in a minute.\n\nBoy oh Boy was I pleasantly surprised on how large the portion of food was that I received! And the Taste....Phenomenal as a simple breakfast like this can get!\nThe Home Fries are out of this world! I absolutely love them, thick cut, crispy outside tender inside dusted in a delicious cajun sort of seasoning. I could eat a plate full of these on there own. My sunny side up eggs are cooked perfectly with slightly runny yolks just the way I like them. Oooo and the French Toast! Thick cut slices of fluffy egg bread slightly sweetened and dusted in icing sugar is spot on!\n\nOverall I have nothing negative to say about Panagio's! Attentive waitress, prompt service, huge portions at an affordable price, tasty delicious food, steaming hot coffee and CP24 playing on the tvs......What more could you want for a Sunday Morning Brunch?
Let's start surg the view and exceptional service. Now my favorite the FOOD is fresh, delicious I love this place
The food was great and fresh. So full of wonderful flavors! The server was friendly. The atmosphere is lively and fun. The prices are high but the taste is worth the cost.
Like the inside and atmosphere much more than pho thanh on camelback. The pho noodle soup I tried had excellent broth and flavor. The amount of pho noodle could have been a little heavier but otherwise I have no complaints on their pho. My wife and I tried their banh mi though, and it was sorely lacking. Just below par. If you stick to the namesake dish, you're in the clear!
Our new favorite Italian restaurant. Great family restaurant, the staff is friendly and the food is great. They just opened a few weeks ago and they are busy already. I guess word travels fast when there is a new favorite restaurant in your neighborhood.
I am so glad I didn't listen to the reviews on here!!\nThis place is da BOMB!!\nWe ordered the Vegetable Korma and Samosas Choley Rais Malai & Keer (desserts) and a mango lassi. \nSERIOUSLY OMG ! BEST ! The desserts were sweet creamy one had a sponge cake thing. Both had cheese. \nThe vege korma was so tasty and rich! The Choley was a fried puff with delicious vegies inside.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! We will be back
Nice drink list.  Food is really good and super affordable.  Definitely will be back!
Hard place to find, but fairly delicious and affordable. My friends and I go here. We like it.
Ate here for lunch on a Saturday.\nThe food is really good. The best summer rolls I've ever had, very unique. I had the dry rice noodles as well and that was delicious.  My wife and kid liked their food as well.\nThe downside is the price. Everything is significantly more expensive than similar restaurants.  Like 2 to 3 bucks per item. Also, there was only one server for the whole place so service stunk. She took our order reasonably fast and the food came out quickly but she never checked on us. I was only able to order one beer! The horror! I was tempted to give 3 stars for the service but the food is just so good.
Absolutely amazing!!!! The Italian restaurant in the Golden Nugget has been my favorite for a long time and usually I think no place compares.  I have now found a new favorite!  Don't let this place fool you.  It may be small but the food is so amazing!  You won't be disappointed.  The service was also great.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  We will be going back regularly.
Everything was great.  Great atmosphere.  Friendly people.  We had a party of 16 and they were able to accommodate us.  We sat at a booth, but you can also sit at a sofa table or recliners.
Best Chicago Dog I've had in AZ.  From the fluffy bun, the tasty dog, to the crunch of the pickle and relish, I'm sold! Luke's is a regular stop for me when I'm craving a taste of Chicago.
Its hard for me to give this restaurant a higher star rating. This is not due to the food by any means. The food is excellent and very genuine. I do however, take issue with the service. Everyone is pleasant enough, but none of the wait staff or take out order employees seem to have any concept of time. I have dined in at the restaurant for lunch a couple of times with other colleagues. We have a typical hour lunch break and this establishment is a mere 5 mins away. Lets just say both times we told the server we would be in a hurry due to work and both times we were at least 20 to 30 minutes late. Lesson learned. So we resorted to calling in our order for pick up. We were told it would be ready in 10 mins. \n\nThat was a sheer fabrication as both times we arrived and paid and waited for another 30 minutes for our food at the pick up window. (AKA bar). Now, why do we keep giving them another chance? Well, that's simple, it is the only authentic indian food in a 10 mile radius. Trust me, if we had other options we'd take them. \n\nBottom line: Great Food! Crap Service!
I work in the W. Queen W. area, and there is a serious lack of places to grab sushi for lunch, so after some yelp searching I was excited to find this place, which was less than a 10 minute walk.\n\nI ordered take out, and it was ready when I got there. They said 15 - 20 minutes, and it was ready after only 10 (when I arrived)... not a fan of raw fish hanging out in a bag with hot soup for too long... so that was a bit annoying. \n\nIt's about $15 for a lunch, which for sushi in Toronto is fairly high. \n\nThe food itself was fine. But, I'll be looking for another place to satiate my sushi cravings. \n\nPS: Don't you hate when your raw fish mingles in a bag with hot soup? Don't you! yuck.
have been frequenting TT as long as they've been in the valley, was always happy with service and food. but now I see service going down the tube, had to wait 20 min for drinks order. looks like they prejudice their own, bring out water with no ice without asking :P - some of us drink with ice :) \n\nOur server just wanted to rush through, very bad - I do know they have good servers, but inconsistency doesn't help. one bad experience is all it takes for not coming back.\nIf kids have to eat - whatever is on the menu is not good enough in my book.
My wife and I came here for restaurant week -- the pull of a $33 couple's dinner was just too enticing. We will not be coming back. There were issues with every single course. \n\nThe crab cakes were cold by the time they reached our table. My medium burger was cooked perfectly, but my wife's well done burger was cold. While the buns were delicious, the burger was slapped together like an afterthought. I had a dollop of BBQ sauce under my top bun and a puddle beneath it. The ice cream in our apple cobbler was clearly freezer burned.\n\nTo top it all off, the head chef was wandering around the restaurant, greeting guests and getting kind of touchy feely with people. He also had a conversation with a server about an unhappy customer within earshot of our table.\n\nLook, I get that $33 for two people is on caliber with Chili's, but at least I remember Chili's consistently delivering HOT food -- even if said hot food tastes like hot garbage. If the goal of Restaurant Week is to get people to come back and try more expensive menu items, Charr failed on basically every level.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Scottsdale. The most recent visit, November 6,  we were seated immediately and our Groupon was graciously accepted, contrary to other reviews. And we didn't go just because we had a Groupon. My husband and I are very familiar with Indian food but our dining companion had never experienced this cuisine. Thanks to our congenial server, Bobby, this dinner left a good impression ... Tandoori-pesto naan, veg appetizer platter, vegetable biryani, lamb tikka masala, saag paneer, roti, raita,  The food was top notch, as was the service.  I must admit, however, that we do not go on weekends when the belly dancer is performing - too noisy and distracting. !
4 stars in its category (greasy fast food)\nGood pizza on a fluffy chewy crust. Great wings too. This will be our new go-to for pizza night.
Never been here before and decided to go for a drink at the bar on a Thursday night. Pretty happening spot with great live music. \n\nOn Thursday there were some bar discounts available.  \nWill be coming again.\n\nServers were awesome too!
All playa cabana locations that I have tried (Etobicoke, and this one) were awesome. Played burritos, fresh guacamole and pitchers of margarita make for the absolute best night out ever. Will go back again and again.
Fantastic find in our neighborhood.   Great service and the food is absolutely over the top.  Love the staff and we highly recommend.   Please support this local restaurant.   Will be back next week
Clean, fast and nice server! I'm glad to have a pho place near my area had a shrimp beef and chicken pho and the portion was huge couldn't finish the whole thing flavor was great and prices where about average! Was served pretty fast so overall great experience and I will be back!
Ein schöner Sommerabend und eine schöne Lokalität mit wunderbarer Terrasse. Nach dem Essen hat es nicht mehr gewundert, warum die Zahl der Gäste trotz dieser Toplage relativ überschaubar war. Preis-Leistungsverhältnis war miserabel. Ein Zwiebelrostbraten, der medium bis rare bestellt war kam ziemlich durchgebraten, trocken und zäh an. Der Tafelspitz schmeckte fad und musste kräftig gewürzt werden. Die Tagliatelle waren matschig weich, keine Rede von al dente. Einzig die gebratenen Maultaschen für immerhin 11,50 € und der Schweizer Wurstsalat (9,90 €) waren passabel.Noch weit vor 22 Uhr fing die weibliche Bedienung an mit viel Krach die Tische und Stühle für den Feierabend zu richten. Da fühlt man sich doch sehr deutlich zum gehen aufgefordert. Auf Nachfrage war allerdings nicht 22 Uhr Schluß!!Bei der mittlerweile großen Auswahl an Restaurants mit Terrasse werden wir dort wohl nicht mehr hingehen.
Pretty good! \nBusy little spot, make reservations for the weekend.  Boozy margaritas, quick service. \nGood selection of tacos, but nothing mind blowing.
We had our company Holiday party here on a Saturday. Gameworks manager Ron Arenas helped us arrange the party! He was super accommodating to our needs and made the process very smooth! Our section was reserved and the food came out at the time we requested. It was very delicious too! I have lived here for some years and this was the first time I have been here.  My kids had a blast running around playing while I socialized with my co-workers. Had a great time! Thank you so much Ron for helping us to have a wonderful experience!!
It has definitely been quite a while since I have last been here and I have to say, it was not what I expected. \n\nI remember coming here and being greeted warmly by the staff. However, this time was different. I sat at the bar as I usually do and was given a menu and water right away. When the bartender/server came over to me, I wasn't quite ready with my food order. I ordered a drink and app in the meantime. It was the birthday shots and carrot parsnips fries. After getting my drink, she left to attend another patron. \n\nThis is when the visit started going downhill. The bartender/server came by about every 5 min to ask if I wanted to put an order in and as soon as I could answer, she would be gone. Now, I have been a server/bartender and even on the busiest of nights I, at least, attended to my tables that haven't ordered yet! Still haven't received my app. Finally get to order because the same guy who got me water and a menu thought I looked like I needed help. Fast forward to when the food comes out. It's lukewarm and the rice in the rice bowl I ordered was literally crunchy. The pork belly skewer deserves 5 stars and is the only part of my visit that reminded me of what I loved about this place. \n\nI used to love this place. Grilled meat on a stick with fantastic cocktails, fabulous beer list, and service staff with personality! What's not to love? But unfortunately, it seems that things have changed. I'm seriously debating coming back, but the pork belly skewer is calling my name.
Was so excited when this got to Charlotte! Tried the one in outer banks and this new location does not disappoint. Nothing beats made to order donuts
Honestly dim sum in one place taste the same as it does to me in another place so I rarely choose a dim sum restaurant for the food quality. Although the asian friends of mine will tell me there is a huge difference between downtown vs uptown dim sum.\n\nNot enough to get me north of the Bloor so this one has become one of my preferred locations to hit on dim sum Sundays. (Yes that is a thing)\n\nThey are able to accommodate large groups, I have had 12 people on one of their large tables once. The service is quick and the staff are great. \n\nThis is trolley cart dim sum but you can ask one of the many servers for something specific should it not come around or order from the menu. \n\nPrice wise it is good, obviously works out better when it is al large group.\n\nOh on a plus when you ask for hot sauce they don't stinge out.
This Subway is located just inside the Sam's Town Casino lobby. With super nice and friendly help. It was a Tuesday afternoon and not crowded so we were promptly waited on.\n\nHubby was in the mood for their meatball sub so I opted to share a foot long and ordered it on Italian bread toasted with provolone cheese. The sandwich artist asked if we would like that double meat and I politely accepted that offer for their $1.50. \n\nThe sandwich was tasty, hot and very fresh. The bread was ever so perfectly toasted the cheese was had that perfect string to it when biting into it and pulling back on the bread. The sauce was plentiful and seasoned just right to accent the meatballs to make it all marry together with the sprinkles of parmesan cheese.  \n\nThis Subway is on the smaller size but very clean with your usual self serve chips and drink station and actually the cigarette smoke was to a minimum. Nice!!\n\nWe'll be back for sure since we are staying at the RV resort here at the property.
This was a wonderful find on our first night in Vegas.  We were on our way to another place and happened upon it in a shopping center.  We were in a mood for pizza and saw the reviews so we decided to try it out.  It was delicious!  Everything from the starter knots and salad to the wonderful pizza and we finished with some yummy cookies.  \n\nThe dough of the knots and pizza crust were so perfectly crunchy yet chewy.  The cheese was so delicious I could have just ordered a cheese pizza.  The mushrooms were sauteed before and delicious.\n\nI hope we will have another meal while in town to try some other menu items!
Police station pizza moved to Robinson. Amount of toppings decreased!  Quality is lacking from old location!  Price increase!  Place not really worth visiting with the price increase and toppings decrease!  Nothing special! Now OVERPRICED AND NOT WORTH THE TIME, WITH SMALL AMOUNT OF TOPPINGS!  ALSO OVERPRICED, BOTTLED SODA!  Should be out of business soon, as quality isn't worth the price.  They tried to go big to soon. Was great a a family place in old location!
Nothing but good things about this place! Super cute restaurant perfect for date night or a family get together. Came during the week and got seated right away. Received some fresh bread & olive oil dipping sauce not long after we got seated. \n\nFirst off... portions are huge! We started with the Caesar salad which was very fresh & creamy. Would definitely order that again. \n\nEntrees we got the basil pesto pasta with vegetables and lasagna. The basil pasta was perfect, not too much oil or cream for the sauce and there was just as much vegetables as there was pasta. The lasagna was also a big heaping portion and could definitely tell was homemade! I was looking forward to my leftovers the next day :)\n\nTheir menu was pretty large but I'm excited to go back and try something different... or maybe even try one of their delicious desserts.
Yuck! Go to the original location on 16th st. & indian school. Soo much better!
Best donut place I have ever been to. Do yourself a favor and try the maple bacon dount. It is incredible!
I order take out from here weekly. It's always good and the service is always fast. I love their Red Bowl roll...all of their sushi is great. Go here you won't be let down.
Opened thirty minutes late and the staff were setting up the kitchen and front of house while a couple and myself sat and read the menu. The couple took a long time to argue about using one groupon apiece and the kitchen was still setting up so I left. Hours are wrong on their website and please don't put that you open at 10am when you are starting to set up your kitchen at 10:30. Appetite Xpress next door was delicious for a sandwich and they had their prep work done. This is the worst of the D'lish's I've been to and the one on Apache is my main place across the street from my apartment.
Always having a wonderful time with the kids specially when they offer deals that will invite us back in for more game time.
The joint that launched my love affair with the gyro. Their tzatziki sauce is still my favorite, and the chili is delicious.
I came here for lunch with five other friends. I wanted to try the bento box because, I love bento boxes and I've heard some buzz about them. But after eating some of mine, and seeing what my friends were eating, I really regretted it.\n\nEverything was greasy, even the rice. I scooped my rice to the side of the box to strain some of the grease. Yes, it was that bad. I couldn't finish it.\n\nMy friends had the salad bar, a cobb salad, vegan burger and flat bread sandwich (5th friend also had a bento box). The Springs Cafe is all about healthy eating and natural foods so I should have ordered something of that standard.\n\nI want to go back because my dining companion's lunches looked SOOO good, but I definitely will NEVER order another bento box.\n\nThere are waiters, but the service is similar to a buffet restaurant where you pay for what you want first, get your beverage cup and seat yourself. There server who delivered our food and checked on us a couple of times was very nice and professional.
This place is DAMN DELICIOUS!  It is probably my favourite pho place that I've tried in Toronto.\n\nThe broth is delicious, the noodles they use are super smooth and delicious and the portions are large.  The service is fast and the food is a very good price.  The area is not the nicest and unless you're in the area or found it on Yelp it's not a place I could see someone going out of their way to try but it's worth making the trek out here.
I have been ordering from this place consistently for the last couple of months and  never really had a bad experience except the one time I found a dead fly in my salad. Anyways, I let that go, but the last time I ordered 2 dishes, they literally gave me a tiny half sliced piece of chicken. Just as I was wondering where the other half went, I looked at my fiancés dish and notice the tiny piece of chicken that was missing on my dish, they gave to him! Horrible service!! I am never going there again. They just lost a customer.
My first time here was during a Sunday afternoon. I love the seating arrangement and the atmosphere of the bar. The service was attentive but slow. While the food is great, I ordered the Sunday special pot roast. The rice was hot, the meat was cold. I expected a little more for the cost.
By far, the most delicious Mexican food in the city. The biggest problem is that there's no air conditioning, or at least, no air conditioning that guests can FEEL. \n\nI strongly suggest guac and chips, the fried fish tacos, and any of the absolutely massive and delicious burritos!
In their third incarnation since I started coming here in November of 2011, this is by far the best.  The salads are super fresh and the chicken is very tasty.  I have tried three salads so far and all were great, although I am kind of addicted to the Mediterranean.  My buddies usually get one of the wraps, which I hear are super good.  They do take out and also have enough seating for parties up to about 8.  Very affordable, very healthy, and very fresh.  Try it!
This place is great! Went for dinner Friday night with my husband. The staff was super friendly and attentive. The drink menu is hilarious. I got the Blueberry Yum Yum & my husband got the "Thrift Store" - a bottle of beer served in a brown bag with a shot of the bartender's choice. The whole experience was fun. As we were waiting for our food we played checkers (they have a corner with a bunch of board games). We started with the edamame which was BOMB. Not that edamame is hard to mess up but it had this amazing seasoning on it. Then we both got the chicken tandoori skewers which were incredible. The dipping sauce was great. For entrée I got the vegetable ramen and he got the chicken rice bowl. The ramen noodles were some of the best I've ever had. I ended up actually having to share my bowl with my husband he loved them so much. I liked his chicken bowl but he wasn't a big fan because he said the chicken was too chewy (I thought it was fine). We finished off with a glass of sake!!
After my atrocious experience in January, I spoke with the store's new manager. She assured me that if I gave them another chance, I'd have a different experience, and offered me a credit. It took me a month to even consider the idea, and another couple of weeks to warm up to it, but today we caved and gave them a shot. And I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nI called in my order rather than placing it online, because of the credit, and the person who took my order was friendly. Delivery time was quoted at 30-40 minutes, and it arrived promptly. So maybe they really have made some big changes. The pizza itself is, you know, Pizza Hut pizza; if you've had it before, you know what to expect there. I do like the garlic parmesan sauce option, and the new crushed tomato sauce is more to my taste than their traditional marinara.\n\nSo, there you have it. The Etna Pizza Hut seems to be under new management and you will probably actually get your order, and not be accused of lying by the staff.
The coffee is ok. The space is cozy and interesting. They have a nice patio to sip on coffee and chat on nice days. I wish today was a nice day, I can't stand the cherry chapstick signature stench of Crazy Mochas. I thought it was an issue of the Shadyside store and one that's masked better in Bloomfield. In Lawrenceville it's 10X more potent. Ken, no one wants to drink their coffee in a place that smells like a restroom. Time to switch air fresheners.
I LOVE burgers and was floored to stumble across this restaurant ... place looks really cool but what a huge disappointment!! The burger was dry and tasteless and none of the staff seemed to care ... not even a hello!!
Went here the other night, had a small wait time and was then led to our table. \n\nDidn't really care for the table itself as it had a support stand that wouldn't let the chair given fully sit under the table, so it was a little ackward to get used to.\n\nThe waiter seemed new at his job, brought us out breadsticks and menus. As we ordered our drinks we looked the menu over and we waited a bit for him to come back. We finished our first drink when we had placed our orders. He said he would bring refills but that didn't come until after our food arrived, by another waiter who was asked by our original to get it for us.\n\nMy husband enjoyed his food, I felt my own dish was lacking in sauce and it seemed a little dry, in comparison to the sister restaurant at Arrowhead. \n\nRest of the meal was fine though.
The food was not that great and when we went back from playing a few games are food and drinks were gone even after we said we were not finish and the place is more for adults due the drinking even though i spoke to management my drinks were remade in smaller glass and said they remake are food but i dais so you could just but it in the trash the chicken tasted freezer burned and I told the management that if you do go there dont order the chicken
Cute place! Donuts are delicious and 100% customizable! I had the smores donuts and gained about 5lbs in 5 minutes :)
We had our company party here & we had a great time. The food was amazingly delicious: \n-chicken wings\n-Caesar and Cobb salads \n-Sliders \n-Fries \n-Pizza (kids favorite) \nOur host did an excellent job in making sure our party had everything we needed. And Ron (the manager) took great care of us. \n\nThe 2 hour game cards are a must to get. Yes u can't play the ticket games but our kids still had a lot of fun with all the many other choices there was. Definitely would have my kids bday party here and gonna plan our company party again next year.
I love how the donuts are made fresh to order! We walked in today to find the store packed, but the lines went by pretty fast so that's no biggie. Even though I was tempted to get a half dozen, we walked away with a simple two donuts today. The bf ordered the bare (surprisingly good for being a plain, unglazed donut) and a maple with chopped peanuts. It's $1.20 per single donut. The box came out hot, almost too hot to hold. But YUM, so fresh and not oily at all. The glazes are extremely sweet, I'd hold off on icing if you have sensitive teeth. \n\nWe will be back for more...hopefully before or after the gym so I don't feel too guilty. Cheers!
Oh my god. This place is...just no.\n\nLet's start off with approaching the place. I get that it's Harbord St. in Toronto, but really? It looks like a run down shack with a sign. Entering, you see some art; some is quite nice, and the idea to support young local artists is excellent, but do I REALLY need to see a FOUR ARMED WOMAN WITH HER ENTRAILS FALLING OUT OF HER while I eat and sip tea?! I think NOT! Absolutely TACKY décor from the 1950s, this place needs to be vacated and renovated with a nuclear weapon.\n\nThe tea: You would think that, being a teahouse and all, that they'd have a tea list on their website, but they don't. First strike. Second strike? The tea is frigid. The water is always lukewarm to ice cold. Third strike? It tastes gross. The fairy's blood tea (what a morbid name, gross!) tastes as though it was created by Paula Deen on psilocybins. It's like...liquid soap with some weeds from the garden, it's FOUL. And don't go "teehee my tea is organic and has x, y, z as health benefits," because they do not. They're teas, not magic. They do not heal you or help anything but quench thirst, or scald a tongue. In this case, they ruin your day.\n\nThe food: while some of it does indeed appear nice, their menu is really all over the place! You don't go from "poutine soup" (Yes, it's as disgusting as it sounds. It's watery gravy with half-baked potatoes, and stringy white cheese), to baklava and sahlep! Speaking of which, REALLY? If you're going to serve food from another culture, it better be spot-on, otherwise this is just some wannabe crap that's insulting. Unfortunately, it falls into the latter category, and it's offensive. You sahlep should not be dirty dishwater, and your baklava should not be some frozen, store-bought nonsense! Unacceptable! And RESELLING CHEERIOS? CHEERIOS? GET OUT! OUT, OUT, OUT!\n\nRemoving shoes at the door sounds cute in retrospect, but quite frankly, I don't want to smell other people's nasty shoes! \n\nService was rude, and the workers only talked to white people like myself. The Arab girls in the place were completely ignored, despite being paying customers. This place is honestly like a gentrification cafe, it's just disappointing.\n\nThe store's house should read "MONDAY THROUGH SUNDAY: CLOSED!"
You've gotta get the fried fish sandwich! While down here for a conference, my coworker who was local convinced me I had to try the fish sandwich...and get one to take on the plane too. While the crinkle cut fries are uber tasty, they're not the most amazing thing I've ever had. The mac and cheese was a good call (more on the gooey side) and the fish, while messy, was simply astounding. All for approx $10 too. plus they're a local Charlotte family chain, which I absolutely adore. Service was prompt. The only thing is that they close at 3pm. \n\nIf I ever get to come back to Charlotte, I'll pick up some Showmars!
I've passed by this place countless times, finally decided to give it a go. It's a smallish place, with a good selection of food - your regular eggs&toast, eggs Benny, Florentine, omelettes and a good selection of flavoured pancakes.\n\nI tried the eggs Benedict with homefries, banana chocolate chip pancakes side order and a coffee. The eggs Benedict they replaced the meat with sautéed mushrooms per my request.\n\nThe banana pancakes were good but a bit pricey.\n\nSlightly expensive for the quantity but a diverse, delicious selection. I would maybe come here again, would definitely come if it's cheaper.\n\nMy coffee also wasn't refilled until the hill was coming so I feel like I didn't get that much out of it. \n\nBut in all seriousness when is Toronto getting its IHOP?!?
We LOVE the Dynasty buffet! Great variety of food choices and the atmosphere makes you feel very comfortable. The staff is always friendly and the prices are fantastic!
So we had a deal find coupon for this restaurant and so I invited my bestfriend, a goodfriend to join me for a "good time". \n\nWe arrive and they have given away our table because we were 10 mins late, even though I called them letting them know I will be exactly 10 minutes and they said not a problem?!?!?\n\nSo we get put at the last table at the place right by the cold window and front door :s it is a pretty small place 10-12 tables, so it was freezing there.\n\nSo we sit down and produce our voucher, which I put in my reservations with them on open table for a table of 3 people with a voucher. The server (with glasses) then proceeds to tell me they can't honor the voucher because it says 1 coupon for a table of four or 2 vouchers for tables 5 and more. I got mad at this point because that is why they have a "note" section on open table so you can provide extra info/requests that they are spose to look at. Wtf, he says this and then walks away as if expecting us to leave by ourselves wtf. \n\nNo we are not incapable of paying full price but when you make your customers feel like it is their fault they didn't review their own reservations and the coupon is stupid, first time ever at any restaurant. \n\nSo we end uP staying cuz my bestfriend's boyfriend was able to come join us *thsss lol \n\nSo after we order our apptetizer (mussels) and entrees we wait about half an hour before our appetizer arrives, then another 45 minutes for our entrees! By the time we got our entree it was a full 1 1/2 hour after sitting down.\n\nAnd while we were waiting my friend was hungry so we asked for more bread, the server came and didn't say anything and picked up the bread basket, then came back and plopped it back down! Are you kidding m?\n\nSo at this point doesn't matter how our food taste, the experience was ruined :(\n\nAlso it looks bad on me because I was the one who told my friends this place was amazing, obviously that changed!\n\nFinally the food: caesar salad- $8 was bad in size but didn't taste it so can't comment! Mussels $7 (we ended up getting charged $9 wtf) there was 2 two bad mussels that tasted like rotten seafood! Beef dish $18 had a lot of veggies with good variety and little beef but it tasted good! The chicken ravioli came with 4 pieces and a good amount of chicken! Fair to say my guy friend was not full at all but it did taste good! I had the seafood linguine $18 which was good but also a bit salty and again one bad mussel :s for a place that has a ayce mussel nights this is pretty bad! Didn't order dessert and tipped them 12% tip and walked out knowing we would never return! Overall bad experience! :(
The place is pretty good! Off the corner on Ray and Power Rd, it's a decent sized restaurant hidden slightly in the back of a plaza. When I walked in, I was greeted to modern styled Japanese decor which was very nice and worked well with the environment it was in. My friend and I were quickly seated and got cracking on the menu. They had a typical Japanese-American menu with a few staples such as miso soup and veggie and shrimp tempura. After looking around the menu for a while, I decided to get the veggie and shrimp tempura and the Fire and Ice roll. The veggie and shrimp tempura were cooked well, just the right amount of batter and cooked to the right time to have the nice crunch on the outside, yet the softness of the veggies and shrimp on the inside of it's panko/batter crust. The Fire and Ice roll was pretty good, the only thing that I had a slight issue was that the roll was fried for a bit too long. The batter on the ends of it felt a bit too thick for the roll, but other than that the roll was great! The flavors worked well and the presentation was well executed. It's a little expensive at about $9-10 dollars a roll, but I for sure will be coming back!
Unfortunately I wasn't really impressed*. Got the ceviche and the subtle flavors and texture of fish was totally overwhelmed by spicy salsa flavors. Fish tacos were okay but there was something weirdly McDonalds about them... I tasted thousand island Mac sauce and the batter reminded me of filet o fish! The braised beef enchilada was the highlight. \n\nI will say, despite the food, we enjoyed our meal here. Service was great and it has a nice busy local restaurant ambiance. I'd come back for apps and drinks!\n\n* I say all of this as someone who isn't a huge fan of Mexican food. All I know is I like El Trompo in Kensington more!
The cake donuts are light and airy. Always warm. The glaze is perfectly sweet and the topping options include bacon. What else is there to say.
Great if you like cakey doughnuts (donuts?))??) \nI'm don't even like doughnuts generally but if someone were to force me to eat a donut and I had the opp to choose where said donut was made, this would be the place.
Pretty decent but so spacious!  Very good for kids and you can order dim sum! They're open!!\n\nFree wifi and awesome :)
While this is a more convenient location than the original Game Works it does somewhat lack the content and size of the strip location. I can't help but compare any venue of the type to Dave & Busters of which there is no comparison. We came for Birthday party, they did do a good job and our server Mike was outstanding. But $11 for six slices of pizza is a bit much as we had to buy over six pizzas to feed 10 hungry teens. Buy the size of the crowd its nice to see Game Works doing well but they could reduce the dinning area to accommodate more gaming space as it was only half full at best on a Saturday night. Overall we had good time.
Chinese food court\nDecent for something quick and cheap.\nGot the spaghetti and meat sauce for $7.35 tax in. Came with soup and soy drink.\nEverything tasted decent. Portions were good and filling.
Love this location, food, service!  I'm a true Mexican and I love this place! Try the chorizo, bed tacos and the lobster queso!
Great food, fun drink list. Would recommend and plan to make many more visits to the secret patio land!
Service was great and the servers were the only 5 star attraction of the restaurant. My wife ordered a filet salad and the steak was so far from a filet it wasn't even funny. Come on really you may be able to fool some but after reading this hopefully no one else gets snookered by this. Say on the menu exactly what you're serving. We probably will not go back after the first trip. Looks like a cool place to hang out and get a beer but the food is questionable!
We ordered our pizza to be delivered to GCUs college of education. An hour after the order was made and hadn't been delivered I called to ask what was up. I was told the order was still sitting there waiting to be delivered. I said sorry since we won't be here after the next 15 minutes, I guess cancel the order. An hour later, the delivery driver calls me to ask where to deliver the pizza! \n\n2 hours after we ordered they want to know where to take the pizza.
Faut pas bouder son plaisir. Évidemment c'est un peu cher mais c'est drôlement bon. \nLe Jefferson est dégoulinant de bonheur avec son œuf au plat et sa béarnaise. Le Lefty marie avec brio champignons et aïoli, avec une vraie tranche de lard épaisse qu'on n'ose pas appeler bacon.\nC'est devenu une étape obligatoire de Dorval pour moi!
My boyfriend and I were contact through Yelp and offered free entrées on account of our previous experience at Alize (see below). At the end of our meal we were surprised when they took care of our entire bill (all $110 of it!) We also identified ourselves when we made our reservations so they knew it was us from the start.\n\nI think it is extremely commendable that the restaurant offered to make up for a previous experience. Most just wouldn't care.\n\nWith that disclaimer in mind: \n\nThe service during this visit was impeccable. Despite the fact the restaurant was packed when we arrived we were greeted and seated right away. Throughout the evening we always felt like the most important guests in the restaurant with our food arriving quickly and our servers being careful to make sure we had everything we needed. \n\nThe food is very simple and elegant. The ingredients are fresh. The menu is everything you'd expect from a nice Italian restaurant. My only advice would be to skip the Caesar salad, the other salads on the menu are much better.\n\nWhile we ate our meal we watched Mariam, the owner, making the rounds of the restaurant making sure every table was happy with their experience. She is clearly passionate about what she does and has a real heart for her customers and her business. We couldn't help but overhear a truly genuine conversation between the couple next to us celebrating their 50th anniversary and Mariam. They were telling her how Alize is their favourite restaurant in the area. \n\nI'm giving this an honest 3 star review because for me, this isn't my ideal restaurant. I like restaurants that are a little darker, a little noisier, and foods that are a little more off beat and provide a 'wow' factor. \n\nThis place will be lovely in the summer on the patio or even inside since they can open the front right up to let the warm summer breeze blow through.\n\nAlize, thank you for a wonderful evening.
*****MOVED TO 8140 N. Hayden Rd. in Scottsdale\n\nIndian Cuisine is my nose, mouth and eye's favorite food.  Although my stomach sometimes would disagree mildly.  But I don't care!  It's worth it!  \nUpon entering Tandoori Times, located next to the brand new "Forbidden" night  club on 5th avenue in Old Town, Scottsdale, I notice what I like to call an Honesty Kitchen.  (The first thing I noticed, was the familiar fragrances one always smells upon entering and Indian Restaurant).  I have never seen an Honesty Kitchen in an Indian Restaurant.  It was Amazing!  Not only can you watch the chef's skewering the meats and vegetables on the long spikes and placing them into the enormous tandoor ovens, you can also see them do little dances as they cook.  I enjoyed watching them just a bit more than the belly Dancer (on busier nights), although she was just darling.  I avoided her whenever possible.\nBack to the food- You can find the usual fare of  Naan, Tandoori, masalas, chutney as well as a bevy of vegetarian favorites.  Each time I have been into the restaurant i was met by the gracious owner, Sonny, who has greeted me kindly.  His friendly and surprisingly knowledgeable staff are equally welcoming.  The patio is roomy but last I checked, needed some attention.\nI would probably not dine here then go to Forbidden for all  night dancing, but that's just me.  Instead, I would recommend the opposite.  You may not find what you want at the Clubs, but you will find it at Tandoori Times.
First they get a lot of credit for being so close to my home. But the food speaks for itself I've been eating pho for 10 years and this place is as good as all the rest. Clean area friendly staff felt like I was a regular after the first time. They also serve bahn mi , I have not tried theirs yet but that is wonderful that they have both options.
When you first walk into the copper entry doors you feel like you are at a very expensive, snooty restaurant, but thats actually not the case. Very modern and flashy, the interior soothes the eyes, as the great food soothes your pallet. Modestly priced at $10-11 per person for adults, there is an ample selection of hot, fresh food, as well as a Mongolian style buffet where you add ingredients for the chef to make you teriyaki, hibachi or garlic dishes while you watch. My family loves the vast selection of beef, chicken, fish and seafood dishes that align the 10 or so buffet servers. Hot food is brought out constantly, even when attendance is lacking. Our new favorite asian buffet!
The meals I've had here were the closest to what my mother would have made at home and/or what I grew up on when the family went out to eat. The com thit nuong (grilled pork with rice) is spot on; takes me back when I was a little kid and making my mom order that for me. The pork is tender and flavorful. The nuoc mam (fish sauce with sugar, garlic, chili, and lime) was perfect and complimented the pork well. The pork and shrimp spring rolls are authentic; novice, non-Vietnamese patrons may think the spring rolls itself are kind of bland, which they're supposed to be. The pork and shrimp are usually boiled in water. That's it. The spring roll is supposed to have a subtle, yet fresh flavor. The stronger, bolder flavored peanut sauce is what brings it all together. Even the decor is what I'd find in my grandmas house. Pretty legit. Will come back.
They do a great mexican! Vodka cesar's with Tromba is where it's at - also the spicy guac... Minus points for it always being packed - but i guess that's because it's small...
Staying near Mesa airport and this hit the spot.  Good food - very tasty.  Seems like they are trying hard on the presentation, which was not a bad thing.  I would definitely come back.
The place looked interesting thought Id give it a try, bad idea.  Service is average - Food NOT good.  Burger was dry flavor bland and on horrible bread.  Even didnt like the fries really??? The price of the burgers a bit high.  Best burger Ive had in town is the GRIND costs $12, bad burgers should be $7-8.
Had the brisket and also the vegan sandwiches. One with side salad and the other with fries. Both entrées were really good and the side salad with house dressing was surprisingly good. Also ordered the kids mac and cheese and appreciated how they had fruit and vegetables as sides. I'd get the vegan burger again. \n\nWe received a membership discount so we were pleasantly surprised by our bill! I didn't give 5 stars because I would like to try another item on menu the next time we are here.
This was the worst food I have had in a while and could not eat 1/3 of my meal. The tempura and was soggy and limp, the rice was an overcooked goop. The bulgogi beef in the bento box was dry and seemed to be sitting in water (maybe it was microwaved from frozen?). The only good thing was the miso soup, which had generous seaweed and good flavor. I will never go back again though. The service was also poor, I was not offered water or anything to drink and no one came to ask how my meal was.
I know everyone gave 5 Stars and I am glad you had a great experience with greta food, but we did not nor the table next to us. We want to like this place as the previous Resteraunt was one of our all time favorites.\nThe owners are very nice and helpful I will give them that. They work the dining room well checking on things. We sat at a middle table looking into the wait station. We sat for 10 minutes before we were told who our server would be but I guess they forgot to tell her. Lots of staff in the dining room running around but no one stopped to check on us for the 10 minutes. When we were approached we ordered an appetizer and a glass of wine and for another 10 minutes no wine to the table as everyone kept working the POS computer for orders. We stopped one of the openers who handled the wine delivery.\nMozzarella balls were very good and I had the Seafood Pasta which was very good and hot. Wife had the Eggplant park which the outer layer was hot but the interior was ice cold. Not a good fist experience but I hope they will get better and we will try again. They did deduct the eggplant from the final bill which is admirable.\nWhat I noticed is that there is an over abundance of staff on the floor but all doing different things at the same tables. The Server who delivered the food kept getting the tables wrong or brining the wrong meal to a table. Again I hope that in time they fall into a rhythm.\nThe table next to us had the same issues with service and order delivery so it was not just us this evening. We did how ever receive a free dessert which was also very good. We will be back and hopefully my next review will be in the 5 star range
This has to be the best place for Pho and probably the most authentic Viet food ever. I go here on a regular basis since being introduced to this out of the down town area option. \n\nMy viet friends vouch for this place and are willing to make the trek from all corners of the Toronto area to have the pho and the numerous other dishes which I wish I could name but will have to use my limited memory to describe instead. \n\nOh try the lime soda drink, this is the kit's mitts for rehydration.\n\nThe parking situation is pretty easy around here as it is mostly residential and the restaurant itself well it is not exactly big or extravagant but the seating is good enough and I have never had a problem getting seating and there is usually at minimum five of us.\n\nService is great, food is great and it is a comfortable place to enjoy food so more than happy to give this the hi 5
Went there on a Saturday morning around 10:30. There was a line up that extended out the door, however my wait time to be seated was 15 mins which wasn't too bad. The food was really good but it took 40 mins for the food to arrive. The waitress didn't take down my order correctly so I had to wait another 10 mins for my correct order to arrive. The waitress didn't even apologize. She was a bit rude through out the whole service. \nThe food wasn't greasy some some breakfast places. Home fries were really good. I will try this place again. I just hope I get a different waitress next time.
Love this place! Great service, so friendly, and really tasty good quality food! The people are so kind and made our first visit a great one. I love that it is a family owned business! Food was great!
Great inexpensive wraps.  Just right sized for meal.  Fruit side is outstanding. Garlic fries are tasty if you don't mind an unhealthy indulgence.  Free flavored water out of this world.  Felt guilty how low the bill was compared to quality.  I've been back a few times and will keep returning.  I just wish they were open for dinner.
Food was excellent. I would recommend the Bento bowls, that way you can try a meal and sushi for a cheaper price. Outdoor seating was superb as it was a covered patio, which is lovely for an evening dinner when it's warm outside.
Not bad of a place to go grab a quick bite to eat. Better than mcdonalds they have a great selection of condiments you can put onto your burger and located right next to King Station.
Stopped by around 1:15 on Sat afternoon. Only 3 or 4 tables have customers. One guy serving and he said to sit anywhere. Took him almost 10 mins to even bring us menus, he was too busy standing behind the bar talking to customers. Finally took our order after another 10 mins. We got talking and finally realized that our food wasn't coming even though others coming in after us had theirs. I had to go up to the waiter and ask if we were going to get our order. An older woman came in and was hustling around, accomplishing more than our waiter! Joe finally came in, came to our table, and while assuring us that there would be no charge for our lunch had to ask what our order had been.  This is 50 minutes after we came in!  He was full of excuses and repeatedly asked us not to yelp him.  Sorry Joe but the public needs to know and you need to pay attention to the number of recent bad reviews. I ordered your Phoenix Burger and it was tasteless, maybe because it had to be cooked so quickly. You never even asked about why I didn't finish it in spite of standing next to me and seeing 3/4 of the burger sitting on my obviously finished with plate! Your waiter never, ever apologized to us. Everybody has bad days in business but take note, apologies go a long way to getting people to try you again.  Fire that waiter, get a better cook, and apologize when your staff screws up.
Of all the places to grab pizza, this one's pretty average. Nothing special, nothing bad, just gets the job done and it's open late. \n\nDefinitely recommend using the app though. It's a great way to get freebies just for making an order online and it speeds up the process by going in store and just having to pick it up with little to no wait time. \n\nAlso don't recommend getting a medium pizza. The crust is always way to thin in the middle of the pizza that each slice falls apart as you try to separate them.
Been coming here b4 they renovated, so went there for early dinner ordered Papaya salad extra spicy) its d worst papaya salad that i ever had. \n\nWe came today n literally dont want us to serve bcuz of wat happen b4. Lols . Seriously they don't want your opinion about their food, they should make their papaya salad better not like kicking us out. Whoever d owner this establishment surely don't know how to fix their problems. Adios!! Hopefully u guys will last...\n\nGo to Sushi San , just search on YELP!!!!
Great food I had the Veil Parmesan very tasty. I enjoyed the sauce and tenderness of the veil. Also the cheese balls are very good. The minestrone soup very good. I highly recommend this place. Nice atmosphere.
Tried it for the first time since the boyfriend always have good things to say about this place and it did not disappoint. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Place is clean since its new so hopefully it will stay this way. \n\nSmash deserves 5 star if I'm rating the burgers only but since they serve more than just burgers, I have to rate everything. \n\n+ the buns are so soft!!!! \n+ LOVE the fact that you can customize a burger to your liking \n+ they have 'pre-made' burgers as well so you can just pick from one of the classics without having to decide on every last detail of your burger\n+ don't like beef? They have chicken!!! \n+ friendly service \n\n- smash fries came out cold, I can see potential if it came out fresh \n- pickle fries were way too salty and no sour-ness that pickles offer at all. \n\nDefinitely would come back to eat and also try other things on their menu (:
Kitchen M is a huge unit and there's never any wait time no matter when you come, though the restaurant itself is lively enough and has plenty of customers.  There's a cool shelf towards the right side of the restaurant in the back with a lot of superhero figurines.  The menu is big for a HK style afternoon tea cafe.  Unfortunately, the food is a hit or miss here.  I've had lunch items which were decent, and some other fried rice which was terrible.\n\nTheir lunch items come with a soup (asian style or borscht) and a drink with the usual +$ for cold drinks.  There is a button to push for service but it's better to just wave the waitresses down  Portions are very standard and even a tad bit larger than Congee Queen, but I would say the quality does not match Congee Queen or Golden Pheonix up the street.
My husband and I really wanted to like this restaurant as we love local non-chain restaurants. We stopped in for lunch and honestly were horrified!  We waited 10 minutes to be seated although there were only two other tables occupied and the waitress and cook walked past us 5 times.  Then we sat at a filthy table, were served ice tea that had gone rancid (seriously it must have been says old!). When we asked for something thing else the waitress said she might have to charge us for it.  We had both taken a sip of the tea and asked for a fountain soda?  She relented but with a ton of attitude.  We ordered our food, it took 40 minutes to get to us, it was not well made or cooked to order as both burgers were burnt.  To top it off the restaurant is just dirty.  The owner came out covered in filth to tell off color jokes to the table of regulars next to us.  Never again!  Just awful.
Apparently this is a Vietnamese/Japanese cuisine restaurant.  We, 2 adults 2 children, came here at around 3:30 today and we were the only ones in places at the time.  Since this is the first time for us we took a little bit of time looking over the menu.  My wife ordered Bun Bo Hue which tasted nothing like the authentic version...broth was watered down not worth $11.75 price at all.  I ordered Red koi roll, surf and turf roll and spice albacore roll.  We waited more than 30 minutes to get our food from time of order.  Waitress waited 15 minutes gone by to let us know spicy albacore was not available.  When we finally got our food they were brought out one dish at a time with what felt like an eternity in between.  It was incredibly frustrating to have waited so long when there were literally only us and one other party of 2 in the entire place. On top of that none of the food was good or worth the money AT ALL!!!  The made no efforts in presenting the foods, which in sushi dining is often regarded as important as the food itself.  No ginger slices offered with sushi rolls and we had one dap of wasabi the size of a nickel to eat with 3 rolls of sushi.  What they served is neither Vietnamese nor Japanese cuisine , but rather the food is hodgepodge together and call it done.  If you want to experience what Vietnamese or Japanese cuisine please go elsewhere.  If I could I would give this place a negative star .  Be warned.
Amazing service matched with amazing food. It was very delicious and I highly suggest the pork bun. This is definitely a place to eat at if you go to China Town.
Thank god for somewhere being open till a decent hour (10pm) on a Saturday night in the far east valley.  This strange sub shop in the Dana Park area was better than I hoped.  I ordered a Philly Cheese Steak (which they call a "steak & cheese") not expecting a whole lot but still having visions of the amazing cheese steak sliders from District.\n\nThe whole process took a bit longer than I expected since there were 5 guys behind the counter and we were the only ones there but it was still quicker than any Mr Goodcents I've ever been to.  The sandwich was a lot smaller than I expected.  The bread is similar in girth to a hotdog bun only longer.  They crammed a decent amount of meat and cheese in there to make a pretty good value.  I would have been happy if it had come toasted or baked but instead they gave it to me steamed.  Why anyone would want their bread steamed is beyond me.  It makes it soggy and spongy.  Really, it ruined what would have been a great sandwich.\n\nIf you are feeling adventurous, or you like steamed bread, then go check this place out.  Otherwise, maybe just ask them to microwave it.
Not your chain store donuts for sure. Ducks Donuts is much like a mom and pops operation, they make their donuts fresh on the spot from small batches according to customer demand. They are made plain from yellow cake batter and then you can choose from different glazes and toppings to coat them. You are guaranteed to get your donuts warm to the touch which in my opinion is what adds to the wonderful experience of tasting fresh donuts.
Love this place! It's so fresh, authentic, tasty and super affordable. One of the best tacos I've had in Montreal for about half the price. My only complaint is that the taco shell (though very tasty) was hard to pick up because it was falling apart a bit.
Best Mexican restaurant in Toronto! \nBeef and chorizo hard tacos made just perfectly! \nThe trio desert is also a must! \n\nDef recommend this place and def will stop by once a month to get my dose \n\nPeace and love
Looking for a good Italian restaurant in Richmond Hill sometimes requires a bit of sleuthing however this restaurant really required no research as many of my friends had eaten there before and had a really good time over there.  This restaurant is Fraticelli's which is located just off of Highway 404 in the Richmond Hill area, just north of Toronto area.\n\nWe had made reservations and were promptly given our seats upon entering the restaurant.  There were four of us including a friend, my daughter and my wife at the restaurant that evening.  We decided to share about two appetizers and three entrees for the evening so that we could taste a little bit of everything.  For this evening, we decided to go with 2 Zuppa Del Giorno (for this evening it was the Mushroom Soup) ($6.25), 1 Meatballs al Forno ($9.00), 1 Spaghetti Del Pescatore ($19.50), 1 Veal Picata ($23.25) and 1 Short Ribs Stracotto ($29.75).\n\nThe Zuppa Del Giorno (Mushroom Soup for this evening) arrived first and looked quite yummy.  The rich brown greenish color looked marvelous under the dimly lit lights.  The texture of the soup was nice and smooth and perfectly pureed.  I took one sip of this soup and I was taken aback by the quality and texture of the soup.  The mushroom taste was very strong with each sip and it hit one's senses right on the nose.  There may have been a touch of coconut milk in it as well although I'm not entirely sure about that.  It was just rich in flavor and was one of the best starter soups I had in quite some time.  This starter was a no-doubter and was well worth the price.\n\nThe other appetizer we had that evening was the Meatballs Al Forno.  As the title states, this was basically three rather large sizes of meatballs immersed in a rich and cheesy pasta sauce.  One could tell that the meatballs were all hand rolled as the meat inside the meatball was "fluffy" and the meat separated rather easily when biting into it.  Personally I actually loved the pasta sauce more so than the meatballs.  The sauce was absolutely amazing and it's no wonder the pastas in this restaurant had always scored high ratings.  Either way, the dish came with three rather large meatballs, one for each person at the table.\n\nOnce we were done with the fabulous appetizers, the three entrees all arrived at the same time.  The Short Ribs Stracotto came with about two beautifully seasoned ribs surrounded by its chianti sauce and mashed potatoes.  The ribs had absorbed the sauces really well however although the meat did fall off the bones eventually, the meat was just a tad bit tougher that evening as it did take a bit of muscle to cut the meat into its various pieces.  The sauce was delicious and the mashed potatoes were nice and creamy and soft and was a perfect side with the short ribs.\n\nThe next dish I tried was the Veal Picata.  The first thing one notices when the dish was placed on the table was the size of the basil pesto orzo that came with the veal.  It was a good thing that there were about four of us because there was no way one of us could have been able to finish the orzo alone.  The veal was interesting.  Truthfully it didn't looked like the greatest piece of meat despite being served with lemon herb piccata sauce however once again this was where looks could be deceiving.  The meat actually absorbed the sauce very well and was actually soft and juicy. One could taste the veal despite the creaminess of the sauce but overall it was a nice dish to have.  Oh and the orzo, that was about as perfect of a rice as one could ever have.  It was nicely seasoned and moist to perfection. \n\nThe last thing I tried was the Spaghetti Del Pescatore.  Translated, this was basically your seafood spaghetti where hand made spaghetti was stirred and mixed with mussels, calamari and large tiger shrimps.  The spaghetti was mixed with a spicy tomato white wine sauce which was absolutely perfect for this pasta.  The reason was that the seafood in this dish was fresh and tasty and any stronger sauce would have potentially overwhelmed the seafood's taste.  By going with a lighter white wine sauce with a touch of not so spicy tomato sauce, it was perfect blend for the spaghetti and not to steal the overall taste of the seafood.  It was ingenuity at its best and made this a wonderful spaghetti dish to have.\n\nOverall, we all had a great time.  With a couple of Ceasar's to go with our dishes, the total price was just around $150.00 CDN tax and tip included.  The server was around our table all night and kept our drinks full throughout the evening.  The meats were not perfect however they were still both above average while the mushroom soup and the spaghetti received full marks all the way.  Another visit to this place will definitely be the case in the future.
Met up with a friend for breakfast here and I am so happy that we picked this place!\n\nWe came at around 7:30 on a weekday and it was a lot less crowded then I thought it would be, which was awesome because it was nice and quiet there. I loved the atmosphere, it was such a nice place for catching up over breakfast.\n\nThe coffee was really good and my cup was never empty. The service was great! I wish I could remember the server's name because she was very nice and attentive and she answered my questions that I had about the menu!\n\nThe menu had a great variety of things, it was hard for me to choose what I wanted. I ended up getting the banana French toast and the portion was so big for the low price that paid! It was very tasty! I tried my friend's breakfast potatoes and those were really good too. Cooked and seasoned perfectly!\n\nIf I'm ever in the area again, I will definitely come back!
Walked in the door and greeted with a sour face.   Clearly someone who didn't want to be working.    Not the cheery kids place welcome I was expecting.   Then when I asked for the extra plan she said she already rung me up and couldn't help me.    I asked for the manager who was very pleasant and professional and fixed the issue within seconds.   \n\nIf someone doesn't want to work at a people oriented business, choose a different path but don't make your customers feel like you're doing them a favor.   \n\nIf it wasn't for the manager I would give this experience a one star.
portions are large.. price is cheap... thats all i'll give them.\n\nif you are litterally on some sort of crazy binge for food and you dont care about quality.. then you hit jackpot.. you may want to also check out kitchen 68 few stores down.. portions are gigantic.. the bowl of noodles is almost 2-3 times the noodle the other places give.  i never finish it.
I've been up here about 5 times now and the latest was when Springs Preserve held their Space exhibit.  What's not to love about this place.  The food quality has always been good, you can sit outside for a good view of Springs Preserve with your meal and their menu is simple.  \n\nDon't come here if you're looking for a fancy place with a good view.  The menu literally consists of only salads, burgers, sandwiches, and pizzas.  Oh they do serve alcohol though!  \n\nThe last thing I got here were the lobster rolls which was yummy.
Playa Cabana is a great spot for dinner and drinks.  Here are a few highlights from my experience...\n\n1. Like others who have mentioned this, I did feel rushed to order, then to order more, then to leave. This was slightly annoying, but we were having a good time anyway, and didn't really think much of it until after we left.\n\n2. The tacos are a bit small, but they are fresh and delicious. I would order the chicken tacos again. (Be warned! Some of the table sauces are quite spicy!)\n\n3. If you like guacamole, you will love their chips and guacamole. The chips, which can be a tinge greasy, are tasty and made in house.\n\n4. The service, aside from being a bit rushed, was good. The recommendations for food and drinks were perfect.\n\n5. The vibe is loud and fun. I noticed that there was quite a diverse crowd here, which is nice as well.\n\n6. They have indoor and outdoor seating. To be mere steps from the corner of Davenport and Dupont, the outdoor patio seems quite removed from city traffic and noise.\n\nThis is a great spot. There probably aren't many places in Toronto that can match Playa Cabana for Mexican food.
Great place , got to be my favorite.  Can get very busy. One of the best pho, and only one I know that uses fresh noodles.  Summer time u are greeted with a cold tea - nice.
You like gyros? You like fresh fries? You like Green Street? Well, then you'll love Zorbas.  \n\nZorbas was a staple during undergrad and it hasn't lost its taste in the years since I've left.  Regardless of where I move or visit, every gyro I have is compared to Zorbas - they're the gold standard in my mind.  The meat is always juicey and the fries always salty.  Perfect for a social lunch or a recovery meal.  \n\nWord to the wise - load that sucker up with extra meat and tzatziki sauce (or "cucumber sauce") for maximum flavor.
Friday Night and I wanted to give this place a shot. I ordered a medium pizza which was a walk in special for 5.99 plus tax.  Plenty of Cheese and pepperoni for the price. I would suggest to eat it right out of the oven.  Very good value for the price. Will be taking one to go for my fiance
We were heartbroken when our favorite small Italian spot closed but now it has been replaced by Trattoria Italia and oh my it is fabulous.  I have now eaten there 3 times and it has been wonderful every time.  The antipasto misto is delicious and freshly prepared.  Their lasagna is great with meat sauce.  Their salads are nice and crisp.  Spaghetti and meatballs was a traditional Italian plate and was delicious.  It's small and adorable with baked goodies galore .
Happy hours 3-5pm. Beer started $3, buffalo wings with vegetable sticks & cheese $6.00. Good price with decent food. Nice view and actually you can seat at the patio site. Staffs are nice and very friendly. I saw some  tourist comes enjoying view and hang out at the range area.\nAtmosphere is clean and welcome to everyone even if you are not a golfer.
Probably the best Mexican food I've ever had! And that's saying a lot because I'm not usually a big fan of Mexican food. \n\nThis place is tiny but has a few floors as well a couple of balconies. It's super trendy and fun however, and the food is great and decently priced. Some items like the corn ($10) are a bit expensive in my opinion for the portion. \n\nMost of the party got the short rib tacos, these came on a crispy shell, I had the fish tacos which were in a soft shell, and you can order them singularly or in orders of 3. The tacos aren't quite a meal in my opinion, but accompanied by an order of the corn, split between two people and the guacamole and chips, I was stuffed. \n\nThe tacos are great, loaded with some nice fresh ingredients. I preferred my fish tacos to the short rib ones, the batter was light and crispy and came out piping hot, only to be cooled and freshened up by some crisp veggies and a great sauce. I'm not sure what the fish was however! The short rib were also great, the shell was crisp but not like a old El Paso taco kit, still had some flexibility to it so it didn't fall apart. The meat was flavourful and tender as well. The guacamole was delicious, definitely a must have, and the corn was also great, a bit spicy and a bit cheesy. \n\nThe restaurant is a great space, it looks like a house from the outside and it's ultra trendy inside, fun music and the service was great and friendly. Water glasses and drinks were filled constantly, however the glasses were quite small so they were being refilled a lot! \n\nOverall a fun place to go with friends or a date. I would definitely come back for the fish tacos and guacamole. The octopus tacos looked pretty good as did the burritos, might be worth a try next time!
They got my order wrong. Badly. \n\nOk, so on an afternoon that was pouring rain I made the decision to stop in for a bite to eat at this McDonald's. I ordered a McChicken and fries, plus a double cheeseburger and a drink. My sandwiches were both wrong, the fries were lukewarm, and the lobby looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a year. \n\nWhile the service was decent, the place was so busy inside that it took them forever to fix my order. Additionally, the place had been renovated recently so it was even more of an indictment that they were letting it look so bad. I just don't get it. Why not get better and build a better reputation post-renovation?\n\nIn the end, for me at least, this was a let down experience. On top of that, I had to get soaked on the way to my car because I stepped in a puddle. \n\nNice.
5 star buffet for sure.  If you are in the University area and are looking for a quick lunch for minimal cost, this is your spot.  China Buffet has become my go to place for lunch.  I have been here three times and each experience has been great.  I have gotten seated quickly and served a drink promptly.  My waiters have been attentive without being overbearing.  Their sushi bar is excellent!!!  It has lots of variety and special rolls.  Definitely the best sushi I have found in the University area.  Hibachi and Chinese buffet foods were great as well.  The only thing I have yet to try is their soup bar.  The soups look amazing, but I am usually to full to eat one.  Absolutely will try one next time.  I highly recommend the place.  You won't be disappointed.  Truly sorry it took me so long to find it as I have worked in the area for several years.
Came here for a late brunch on a Sunday . Can't go wrong with a $2 mimosa. Food was good and service was excellent. I had the grilled chicken sandwich and it was delicious and juicy. My boyfriend has the fried chicken Benedict and that was good as well. Overall no complaints and will come back for sure
I really want to love this place because the neighborhood really needs a great place to eat, but the service is unprofessional. My family and I have been here a total of 4 times and each time it gets worse. Our last time at Charr was a nightmare. The manager on duty (blonde female) was completely short w/us because we complained about our waiter who we saw drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette by his truck minutes before we sat down. Usually when you go out to a restaurant you don't want your waiter smelling like a bar. Our food took over 30 minutes to get to our table and it wasn't busy. No refills on drinks until I had to get up and ask for refills. The food is good, but that is not good enough. A professional wait staff and a nice manager would be a good idea for this place. The owner of Charr would have been very disappointed with the managers attitude.
I love the firehouse theme, and like how the restaurant pays tribute to firefighters. The food was just okay to me though. It tasted just a tad bit better than Subway, and it was more expensive than $5 footlongs - so I'd doubt I'll return to Firehouse Subs.\n\nI ordered The Engineer sandwich - packed with turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and mushrooms. There wasn't many mushrooms in my sandwich :( I really do like the original hot sauce. Definitely add that to any sandwich you try there. Maybe if I had kids I would bring them to this place, the kids meal comes with a complimentary firefighter hat.
Ordered here with UberEATS and it's been 40 min passed the estimated 30 min time frame. When I phone the restaurant the order still wasn't ready so it looks like the fault is at the restaurant not UberEATS. I'll update when and If we actually get to taste the food!
OMG such good, warm, fresh donuts with all kind of frosting and toppings options!!  \n\nI saw that they also offer breakfast egg sandwiches so I'll be going back to try one of those as well.
A little disappointed with GameWorks. Granted I haven't had any alcohol or food there yet, so they might still be able to earn a star, but.. \n\nIt was pretty big for where it was located. There is a bar, restaurant, bowling lanes, a computer game room, and a tiny, tiny counter in front of the prize area. Not to mention a pretty large area of general games. \n\nOpening was fun. They had a little deal going on for $12 that was pretty sweet. \nNow, I know that a lot of little kiddies come to TS to play and such, but the kind of games that were there...it was a little disappointing. I expected way better games and a better variety. Of course, some games were closed because they weren't giving out prizes or tickets at opening, but that was to be expected given the foot traffic they got. Though, I thought they would at least have a small raffle or something~! \n\nSome of the best things that were there were the shooting games, racing games, the virtual reality roller coaster pod, and the 4D Haunted House game!
Two separate issues for me. \nI had made reservations a week ago for 30 people to celebrate a special occasion for a friend. I assumed all the tables would be grouped together but this wasn't the case. The third table was separated by another occupied table. Not ideal for celebrating this occasion. I brought this issue up with the manager but he just shrugged it off. Not the most customer oriented response especially with the knowledge they had about the numbers a week in advance. 1 star for that issue.\n\nThe dim sum was passable but I have to say the egg custard tart was really good. 4stars
Horrible customer service. The food was mediocre, quality is questionable. Morning waitress was rude, no professionalism show towards me and my girlfriend. I was looking for her to get the bill, and I found her at the counter counting her tips...after she noticed me she just turned to another waitress and said "this ones yours" and went back to counting her tips...do not go there unless you want to be treated poorly.
This was my first time visiting Tandoori Times.  After seeing it advertised on Groupon, I thought I'd give it a try.  My friend and I decided to go for lunch to celebrate her birthday.  It was very busy, which was promising.  The waitress was on her second day working there and was unfamiliar with the menu, but she was friendly.  \n\nThe house salad was mediocre, the entree (Algoo Gobi) was delicious, but the desserts were AWFUL.  The "mango" ice cream was a neon orange and tasted nothing like mango, or any flavor of ice cream Id ever tasted actually (kinda vanilla, kinda puke).  YUCK.  The rice pudding was not worth eating either.  \n\nThe worst part of the experience was being followed out into the parking lot, after leaving the Groupon and cash tip, to be told that we needed to come speak with management about not ordering at least $40 worth of food!  Really?  I told the waiter that we had spent just over $30, and we obviously didn't expect any cash back from the $40 Groupon.  He said his manager was "fussy" and wouldn't like it.  I basically told him that was too damn bad, and that I wasn't ordering $10 more in food; I was actually kinda saving them $10! \n\nHe finally figured out what I was saying and left us alone.  I did end up calling the manager though, who was not pleased to hear about our experience with the dumb waiter. \n\nI don't foresee returning there.
Finished a tour at Casa Loma and wanted a good lunch, so we walked 15 mins here. Ordered the Dave's Margaritas and shrimp bucket to start- both were fabulous. Ordered tacos for lunch and everything we had was amazing. Loved the fish tacos and the pollo al carbon tacos especially. Definitely recommend, 10 out of 10.
Not very good food with slow service.  How on earth is a dim sum place always running out of shrimp dumplings... no soy sauce n chilly oil... shameful...
Ok soooo this place was OK. I'm sure if we took the donuts to GO they would not taste as tasty as they were since we had them piping HOT after a 15min wait. \n\nWe brought a half dozen since it was only $1 more than getting 4 donuts. We tried a Glaze, Orange Glaze, Strawberry and Lemon Glaze. The orange glaze had the best taste.\n\nBasically all the donuts taste the same as they are all the same recipe and only the way they are topped (glazed) is what make them a different flavor. We are not the biggest fan of them and only headed there because we were in the area and I noticed a friend check-in on FB there with a picture of the orange glaze and it looked  yummy so we stopped in just in the nic of time as they were closing at 3 and we arrived at 2:54pm on a Sunday.\n\nThe place was pretty packed as they are well known and well liked. There were also a lot of people showing up and having to be turned around because the place closed and they were done making donuts for the day.\n\nOverall, I wouldn't make the drive to have a donut from here and would however have ONE just ONE (as they are pretty thick and fatting I'm sure) if I was in the area and in the need of a sweet fix.
Very Very Welcoming staff and the service is quick. The food is also very good, I've been here for lunch on a couple of occassions and I did order the same thing both times because it was so good.\nThe Scallop Curry lunch special with a veggie spring roll is PERFECT..
Took my 6 year old here for some kid fun. It was was better than the gameworks that use to be on the strip near the mgm. This one is cleaner, it seems bigger or maybe its just their set up is better but its really nice. They have a video game room with up to date video gsme consoles and computers. Very cool cause its like a kids lounge area where they can chill and play video games on couches and or sit at a computer at a desk and chair and play games on there. Also they have a small bowling alley. It was small but for the price it was pretty neat. Only a few dollars per game and shoes. All the games were fun. My daughter really enjoyed the ski ball the most. Some of the games that were more credits than the others was a little bit of s rip off and the way they kept track of your tickets made me wonder because its all on a card and my daughter played for a good hour and only ened up with a small amount of tickets so made me wonder how they track how many ticketd you get per game. But the fact my daughter was having fun made me not even car. She got about 500 tickets for the entired 3 hrs we were there. She got to get 3 small toys at the prize area. The lady said she was 20 tickets over with the one prize she picked out but she just let my dsughter have the small little cup she wanted. So that was very nice customer service.  I mean you figured if im spending $30-$50 for my 6 yr old to play games there the fact they let her walk with one small free gift shouldnt be a big deal since i spent more money on the games than the toys. Lol. The toy is worth less. I guess you're just pretty much paying foe the experience not the toys. Thats a better way of saying it. I will for sure go bsck again sometime.  She liked it and I like that she liked it. I like that its right there in town square too. What a nice location. Convenient and also smart because they probably get a lot of teenagers and or kids cause its right near the movie theater and town square is pretty busy most of the time.
This brueggers is top notch.  Always professional and they do an amazing job.  Worth the visit!!
I was in town with my daughters soccer team for a tournament. I called them last min and asked if they could seat out team of 20. They said sure so we headed over. We arrived right about closing time and they had everything ready for us. We choose family style and it was AMAZING. The food was so good! And it was fast to our table.. which the starving soccer team was so thankful for! We had a very long day and this was the perfect ending!
Just recently moved from California, been searching for a good pho joint to cure some homesickness. This place is it for sure
Oh sweet PHO goodness... Finally a great Vietnamese restaurant in the area without going further into the west valley.  \n\nSmall place, but very clean and staff was very friendly.  My GF loves the vegetarian options and loved that the Veggie Pho even came with actual veggie broth.  \n\nI ordered the beef pho and it was outstanding.  The broth had depth and was extremely flavorful.  Could easily order a cup of this and drink it from a mug.  \n\nI will easily be coming back here for my Pho over DaVang.
This place was just alright. I've been wanting to go here for a while, but wasn't super impressed. It was supposedly happy hour, but there really wasn't anything that told you what the happy hour deals were. We found out when we got our check that it was like 25 cents to a dollar off different sushi rolls. So basically a pretty lame happy hour.   We didn't try the specialty rolls as those are not worth the money if there isn't a legit happy hour in my opinion, so the traditional rolls were pretty good. They were very basic so nothing special, but they were also very small. I was surprised with how little sushi came out. I tend to judge a place by how much wasabi they give, and they gave very little wasabi and didn't even provide ginger. The soy sauce was so salty I stopped using it. The miso soup was good, but they skimped on the tofu. So again, the food was good, but probably not worth my time and money to come back unfortunately.
Love the casual-ness of the staff. Great service, our server was the chefs wife. Very authentic, amazing food. Can't wait to come back!
If you're looking for a deal at this place, there is a catch.  They don't tell you on the sight or at the facility until you ask. I am not for spending a lot of money and my kids don't get to play all the games or even win tickets.  This place is a complete rip off.
Great food for everyone! As a vegan traveling the UK with my family carnivores, finding an option we both love has been difficult. Bluebird cafe had options for everyone and they were all fantastic! I had the jackfruit quesadilla and split some vegan nachos with the table. Loved it!
In the mood for Mexican food ? Then Playa Cabana would definitely be a win whether you're in for lunch or dinner the food sure won't disappoint you. Came here with my family and I , and ordered the crispy slow cooked chicken tacos and shared the Mexican corn on the cob with my brother for an appetizer. The taco plate may se small and not filling but it definitely is more than enough ( Atleast for me) !! Definitely coming back here :)
I go to this place all the time.  It is consistently great.  Their Indian food is awesome... and not Phoenix awesome... it's London awesome.  Perfect for lunch or dinner.
Don't walk in at 9:30 because they'll shoo you away and say they're "closed" when they actually are supposed to close at 10. I grew up in the restaurant industry and that's not how you run a business.
Food is fairly good, but far from great. Service is neither of those. It's unclear to me why Playa Cabana is a hotspot and why anyone should have to plan their burrito-eating a week or more in advance.
WOW, WOW, WOW!!! Really those three words say a lot more....\n\nSo the first WOW explanation: I have been going to this Firehouse for several years. I am completely in love with their subs. I also love the fact that they give money to Fire Fighters. I personally always add some extra to my order to donate. I remember once I guess it became obvious about how much I donated, that they gave me a personalized thank you card for my donations signed by all the staff. What an awesome company.  \n\nThe second WOW explanation: Every time I come to this location they make me feel like part of the family. If I am having a bad day for other reasons by the time I leave Firehouse I forget why I was having a bad day. The staff is always very nice and friendly.\n\nThe Third WOW explanation: This one really has me saying wow in a kind of upset way. Not upset for anything Firehouse has done but more for what some of you other people are saying about Firehouse. When you post something on Yelp remember it is public and you should not use Yelp as your venting platform because your having a bad day due to something else. When did we become a society where we complain publically instead of talking to the manager, 1on1 for an agreed resolution. \n\nWhen did it become okay to bully a company because they made very small mistakes. As I have read all of the reviews about Firehouse I keep thinking to myself that all these people complaining about petty mistakes must be perfect people who make no mistakes at all. I am also thinking about all the reviews that people say things like normally they are great but this one time this happened. So now you think they deserve a 1 star review even though you never posted a 5 star review for all the great experiences. Also to the people who leave this great company a negative review based on your experience with an employee but you lack the true knowledge of what Firehouse subs is about. I assume your the type of person who blames the employer when an employee steals money. Claiming the employer should have had better locks on the safe. \n\nIf your reading this, believe me when I say Firehouse Subs is a great business with integrity, character, honesty and great morals. Employees are humans and last I checked humans make mistakes. Before posting a public comment try to resolve your issue with management. I am sure they will make it right if given the chance.\n\nThere are a couple negative reviews on here I agree with and Firehouse tried to reach out to resolve and or fix the error however the review remained 1 star. When did we become so jaded that after an apology was given and the issue was resolved we did not forgive the mistake. \n\nA personal note to Firehouse Subs, I believe in all of you and I will be a customer for life regardless of what other people say. All of you are awesome. Thank you for providing great tasting food and a friendly environment. Something to consider people are 10 times more likely to leave a negative review then a positive one. So consider how many customers you serve on a daily basis, I am sure if surveyed your negative ratio would fall under 1% of your customers. Keep up the great job. Truly I mean this when J say Thank you.....
Recently was shopping in Town Square on a Sunday and thought I would stop by and have a drink with my girlfriend. And out of all the places to stop by, I chose the wrong place.\n\nService was EXTREMELY slow. Took the bartender 10 to notice we been sitting at the bar. On top of that, after we placed our order he FORGOT to get it! It's not like they were busy, let's be real.\n\nWe thought we would bring you business, however I see you didn't want it. The operations seem to act just like the children running around the place. \n\nIf stopping by Town Square, I recommend going anywhere else for a cocktail/beer BUT here.
Food was pretty good.... server was average but attentive... I loved the atmosphere and the set up of this place.  We will be back more than likely!
Their sushi is nothing to write home about. It's not bad but not great. But the prices are great, and I'm addicted to their udon. That's where it's at. For under 10 dollars get a bowl of sweet and savory soup.
First time we went there, got a drink at the bar and bartender charged more for drinks with no receipt and didn't think we would notice. Gave it one more chance and tried the meal and play for 14.99. The waitress was terrible, the sandwich was toasted and was so hard it cut up my mouth. Waitress gave us someone else's check. All over terrible service!!!!!!!
i decided to give this bar a chance since is just across the street from the hotel and i had great experience!  food is amazing and very cheap, great bar, people are local and very friendly, if you are in vegas you should definitely stop by!
We went into the restaurant and stood 5 minutes, 3 different servers walked by and the manager was at the register beside us and not one person greeted as they walked by and the manager made eye contact with me and never said one word. We left. Very disappointing, we usually go at lunch time and it's never like that. We will not be going back at night again.
two words: go here\n\nive been stalking their instagram and practically drooling over how good the donuts look, finally got to try some and was not disappointed.
Positively delicious food. But unfortunately, service is on and off (and when it's off, it's positively terrible). On the other hand, if you're served by the right person, you're in good hands. \n\nWe visited for dinner on a weekday evening and we were seated dismissively by a server who waved us towards the direction of an empty table. Then we sat there and waited. And waited. And waited. For someone to give us a pair of menus. The place wasn't busy at all; servers were just sitting around involved in their own conversations. We tried to wave someone down several times to get a hold of menus, but no cigar. Because, obviously, we came to your restaurant just to sit, twiddle our thumbs, and stare at people eating (not). A good 20 minutes went by before a server came by and asked us what we wanted to order... unfortunately, without a menu we had no idea what to order. She seemed embarrassed that no one had given us menus or had greeted us yet, and brought us menus from the front. From that point forward, service was perfectly fine, as our server attempted to make up for the cold beginning. \n\nWe ordered the guacamole and chips appetizer, the tacos de carnitas, braised short rib brisket  tacos, and a playa burrito. Absolutely delicious. My highlight was definitely the guacamole and chips combo - the chips were homemade, crunchy, and didn't taste like the usual run-of-the-mill corn chips you can get just anywhere. So delicious and had a very interesting texture - they definitely tasted and felt homemade. The burrito was quite large and a bit hard to eat, but the meat in both the burrito and the tacos were very tender and perfectly cooked. \n\nAmbiance is super dim and romantic - this is a great spot for a date or even dinner with friends. Very casual, relaxing atmosphere. For two people, with tax and tip, our total came to around $58.
We ordered the Italian beef with giardiniera and were very disappointed.  We each took a couple of bites, and ended up throwing the rest away and going elsewhere for dinner.\n\nThe giardiniera was nothing but diced jalapenos and zucchini, we couldn't taste anything but jalapenos.  We're big fans of spicy food, but there's more to giariniera than jalapenos.  The meat was very tough and dry.  \n\nOverall, we were very, very disappointed.
My son and I were starving after Scouts tonight and we wanted to try something different ...  Burgers - Tacos - NOPE we went SUBS!  We saw Firehouse Subs and wanted to give it a try.  \n\nFood: We split the meatball on wheat.  It came out hot and smothered in sauce, cheese and seasonings.  Hmmmm.  I would say it was a good sandwich not epic. My Son loved the 120 different soda choices ... it was almost too many.  Analysis peristalsis.  \n\nEnvironment: Bright, fun and firehouse themed!  It was clean and very well organized.  The mens room stunk a bit.  But other than that it was a welcoming place.\n\nService:  When you walk in the door they YELL "welcome to the firehouse."  It was sort of cool .... But lacked a lot of enthusiasm and seemed a bit forced and fake.  The young woman that took our order was extremely helpful and walked us though the menu, newbie indoctrination of a sorts.  Her co-workers did not seem as engaged and a bit distracted.  It did not effect us directly just hard to watch.\n\nIf you are in the area and want to mix up your meal, I'd say give it a go.  If you are looking for an epic sandwich experience keep looking.\n\n- AEC
I wish I could give negative stars - we decided to give this a try around 4:30 on a Friday.  What restaurant doesn't anticipate early diners on Fridays?  We walked in, were greeted by NO ONE, not even a "Please seat yourself" sign.\n\nObviously our first visit, we didn't know what to do, we literally saw no waitresses walking around anywhere, though it appeared one was having a chat with some other employees/male prospects in the middle, and the bartender was super busy at her bar.   The tables we saw all had empty drinks, so we turned and left.\n\nWay to go!
I would find it hard to believe anyone eating at this amazing restaurant would give it anything less then 5 stars. Tonight our group enjoyed a fabulous dinner. We all had something different with dishes from lasagna to lobster ravioli and all in between. No need to go anywhere else to have great italian food.
Great first impression of this place. Lobster ravioli with the vodka sauce was amazing, the lasagna was awesome, and the chicken piccata with penne noodles was great. We came with friends who have eaten here before a few times and they said they've never been disappointed with any dish. Service is friendly. We will definitely come back when we're craving authentic Italian food!
I had heard about this place but with it being 45 minutes away we hadn't been able to try it. I wanted to do something nice for my kids teachers so I drove down to Duck Donuts and it was so worth the trip. Oh my these donuts were so delicious!! The maple bacon were sent straight from heaven!!
We LOVE Duck Donuts.  Fresh, hot donuts made to order - just the right amount of crisp to the outside with soft, doughy interiors.  We have trouble NOT ordering way more than we need.  The atmosphere is always friendly and cheery, even when it's packed to the gills.  Bravo!
Best Indian food EVER!! Highly recommend! The pesto naan was amazing and the Tikki Masala was the best I've ever had!
Been a customer since they open I find the new renovation has brought the price up on the items but still good food ,I like their Saturday roast beef sandwich ,the staff and owners are always courteous and attentive to your comments
The food is consistently healthy, tasty, & well-made, the tea is always delicious, & the atmosphere is lovely. I've spent many afternoons & evenings here since it opened, & will continue to do so.
Horrible shitty slow cooking time but decent service and the best wings and wing deals on Tuesday (a dozen for $4.50). Great daily specials, including weekends! Every time I've been here, the owner/manager guy is sitting in the corner bar seat drinking and eating wings.
I've this place! The food was excellent (tacos, rice bowls) and service was good. Atmosphere was great. Love the 2 level outdoor patio! Highly recommended.
I love this place, one of my favorites in the West end. I like that their noodles a little wider and fresh. They are pretty quick, and the broth is consistent. For those of you who enjoy their soup on the spicier side, they have a couple chilli oil jars kicking around. which is a big bonus for me, seeing as i bring my own sometimes to pho places that don't have them. i'm pretty much a regular there.
Not a bad place to get some food but it gets confusing when there's like ten different menus they give you that you're not too sure what to order.\n\nPrices are reasonable and enjoyed the education noodle with mushroom.
One of my favorite places for breakfast in scarborough. Prices are fair, portions are good and the food is yummy.  I usually try to have every item on the menu if I can. Like the Mexican breakfast stuff they offer.
I was a bit disappointed in this place after reading the glowing reviews and hearing how amazing it was from my friends.\n\nThe Hubster and I came in for a dinner and it was PACKED! The servers were very nice, though there was some miscommunication about whether or not they would sit us at a table that we would need to vacate in a couple of hours. We would have taken the table, but weren't positive that we were given the choice.\n\nAnyhow, we were sat very soon after the time we had our reservation so I was happy. We were sat in the back, which is their back patio covered by a big tarp, which I thought was very very fun, particularly since it was a super windy day. \n\nThe service was very friendly and we never really had to wait for anything. Cocktails were delicious and food was tasty (big portions!) but not mind blowing. \n\nIt was a fun night and we enjoyed ourselves, but I'm not sure that it's worth a second visit.
Bacon makes everything better. Get the bacons topped donuts here and you'll be addicted!
I eat burritos like they're candy.\nSo to have a burrito placed in front of me that was so exquisitely sculpted, dressed, topped and stuffed - it would have felt like a crime to inhale it. I savoured every bite of the Carne Molida Picadillo burrito. Even the margarita I had was fresh and delicious. And looking around the table, it doesn't seem like you can go wrong with whatever you order.\n\nThe atmosphere, music, and servers all feel VERY authentically Mexican - and their amazing homemade salsa took me right back to every vacation I've ever taken down there.
Highly disappointed. Placed an order for pick up which included 5 sushi rolls and even asked for extra wasabi and soy sauce as well as two dishes. Here we are 76 dollars later, which by the way, looked at the menu online and came to find out half the items online they don't make anymore and the prices aren't even close...so we get home and see ONE CONTAINER OF SOY SAUCE for 5 rolls, seriously? We called up to the restaurant to complain and the lady that answered the phone hung up on us when we said would you eat 5 rolls with only one container of soy sauce. We immediately called back and they would not answer the phone. Called a couple more times, left a message for a manager to call us and nothing. I have never seen customer service so poor in my life nor been hung up on! We will never be back to this restaurant and encourage people to stay far away!
I went to dinner here with some family and it was super delicious. I loved all the food here. It was really spicy though. I believe we said level 8 so it is our fault, but just so you know it is Indian spicy!!!! As long as you order mild or medium the food is scrumptious. \n\nWe got paneer tikka, navratna korma, baingan bharta (eggplant), saag paneer, garlic and chilli naan and paneer naan with rice. Food did take a long time to come out which was a little weird to me since there were only two other tables filled. There is private parking lot. Would recommend eating here :)
There are a lot of choices in the buffet from Chinese and Japanese food to American food. The taste though, is just plain not good. The food was either too dry, burnt, or to greasy. I will say though that there was plenty of fruit. I've never been to a Chinese restaurant with so much fruit. \n\nThere is plenty of seafood, not that good in taste our quality, but a vast selection. Seems like for a Chinese restaurant, there are mostly Hispanics working there, that might be the reason for the poor quality and taste. \n\nThe desert selection is almost nonexistent except for the ice cream options, which are self-serve, but so difficult to access that its not even worth trying.\n\nThe hostesses are lazy, they rarely moved from the drink area, there was one male host that actually did bring water and was pleasant. \n\n13.00 for food that is not good. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Good pizza, but RUDE. I ordered three slices of plain to go and they had an attitude for no reason. Being within the same block as two of their biggest competition, I found it a little shocking. The first display of rudeness happened when I ordered and I asked about the sign outside. It said they were hiring all positions, and asked if that included delivery drivers because I knew a guy friend who was looking to deliver food. When I asked, they rolled their eyes and made it clear they were not hiring drivers who were girls. I told them that I was not interested myself but actually inquiring for a friend but they kept joking sarcastically at my expense and made me feel really uncomfortable. It made the pizza eating experience afterward really unenjoyable and I will never return.
Everything I read about the atmosphere of Yuzu seems appealing to me. Unfortunately, tonight I chose delivery and ordered the Carnivore Ramen. When it was delivered, everything was there, but the contents were far below what I expected in quality. The noodles definitely did not appear the Ohio City Ramen that was promised on the menu, but appeared to be just grocery store spaghetti. All of this aside, the ramen was still poorer quality than I would have expected. The flavor and the contents were nothing special, and this will not jump to mind as a place to go for ramen in the future. Portion was a lot smaller than I would have imagined for the price.\n\nI'll probably give this place another chance when I have the time to go in person, but first impressions do not have me excited to return for the food.
It's cheap decent pho.. it's a small place with friendly staff.. The only thing I can say negatively about this place is that they got my spring roll order mixed up.. it's not Pho Thanh but this place wasn't bad..
I love this place. The tacos are sooo good. Fresh ingredients; very authentic-tasting. Burritos are huge. Prices are reasonable for the portions & food quality! Guacamole + homemade chips are also delicious. The place can get a bit crammed, but a cool vibe overall. Would definitely recommend! Also, excellent service!!
We were pleasantly surprised with the food here.  I had the tasty chicken BLT and my husband had the Cuban sandwich, which was savory.  The bread on the Cuban was a bit dry but the overall taste made up for it. We also ordered the kids chicken fingers combo, which came with fruit, carrots/celery, tater tots and gold fish crackers.. One of the healthier kids combos we've seen in a while. Our kid loved it.  I had a glass of their Chardonnay, which was fruity and crisp. My husband had their Lager on draft.. Refreshing
Restaurant: Hero Certified Burgers\nCuisine: Burgers\nLocation: Entertainment District\nAddress: 79 Yonge St\nPrice Range: ~$10\n\n1: Poor\n2: OK\n3: Good\n4: Very Good\n5: Excellent\n\nFood: 2\nService: 2\nAmbiance: 2\nOverall: 2\n\nExtra information:\n\n*Self-service\n*Fountain drinks refillable\n*Choose your own toppings\n\nI Ordered: Hero Burger with ketchup/mustard/pickles and Hero sauce with Fries\n\nYou pick your own toppings here- and apparently you can't say 'Everything please'. Because when I did, the cashier looked at me funny and said that's a lot of toppings, you need pick each one separately. Ummm...you give me all the toppings if I ask you to! To be honest I just said everything because I couldn't bother to go through each and every topping picking out what I want and don't want. But anyways, I ended up getting it with ketchup, mustard, pickles and red onions on my burger. It took awhile but I am assuming it's because they make it fresh.\n\nMy burger was alright- it wasn't smothered in sauce which was a good thing in this case, but it felt a little too dry. The beef patty was very thin and small in size, almost shrunk a little. It kind of looked like those beef patties you get at cheap markets that are used at school BBQs. I went with regular fries and it came in a little folded up bag which was kind of cute. The taste.....was not cute at all. I felt like they almost sprayed it with water after deep frying them. They were soggy and just horrible.\n\nSummary: If I ever wanted a Burger, I would choose Big Smokes or McDonalds.
The pizza and hoagies are very good and for reasonable prices. Our orders can be a little picky, but they've always accomidated special request without issue. Can't say the same about the other (more expensive) pizza places on Murray.
First time trying out Yuzu I would probably say our experience was OK. When walking in the dining room it  was full and so was the bar besides two seats. The menu had alot of interesting drinks and creative names. Will have to try the next time if i come back! As for the food my boyfriend and I were not too impressed. We tried a few different types of skewers. ( Chicken/Fried chicken/and some other one i forgot) plus the yuzu fries.The skewers were honestly nothing crazy and Im pretty sure we finished them in less than 5 mins they were pretty small. They werent expensive just not filling at all. So i guess they are good for a snack?  The yuzu fries on the other hand, I would come back for. The sauce on them was sooooo good. I was expecting a little bit more out of this place but maybe I will just have to give it another chance one day.
Atmosphere was great and rolls were pretty good but service was terrible. Had to ask for water twice. Had to hunt down a server to get our check.
I was told tonight at 8:30 pm that they were not serving breakfast. Excuse me? Why does their menu say all day breakfast and why was I able to order breakfast items in the evening a week before? This location is in serious need of some actual managers. Ridiculous. We left and went somewhere else.
Hooray for Simply Burgers!!\n\nIt can be hard for us vegetarians of the world to go to a burger joint and find anything on the menu we can eat.  But not at Simply Burgers.  I was so excited to find out that they offer garden burgers AND even vegan burgers too.  Now that is awesome.\n\nNot that many places remember the non-meat eaters, so I get really psyched when someone does.  I'll never understand why so many restaurants forget to add a few meatless options on their menus...but that's beside the point.\n\nSimply Burgers has garden burgers and they're really good.  Burgers come with french fries or a garden salad and the shakes are sooooooo good. \n\nOh and of course they have regular burgers too and even pizza!\n\nI wish they'd open up one of these closer to me, but it's probably better they don't because I'd go all the time!
Inconsisten. Will not go there for the pho.. only for the  pad Thai. Yummm so  thick with tamarind sauce and sugar..  I always order the  chicken and shrimp  pad Thai. Its spicy savory.. garlicky, moist and comforting. don't forget to order the honeydew bubble tea . Perfect for tempering down the spiciness of the meal.  The egg rolls a perfect loyal companion.
I love this Barrio location! The staff is always friendly and the food and drinks are fantastic. I love the blackberry margarita with ginger sugar on the rim.
This place was okay.. There main pho bowl was not that great (pho dac biet) the type of pho that they give you is thick ones and it sucks. XL size and you only get 5 piece of small meat like cmon man
Stopped in on a Saturday night early. Service was great. However, food was something other than crave-able upon leaving. Had the chicken skewer which was just that, chicken on a stick. Not too bad. The real disappointment was the chicken teriyaki bowl. The sauce was so salty you made that "face" when taking a bite. So so so over powerful. Salt doesn't bother me but this was drastic overkill. I tried to mix in the rice to dilute anything I could but I really couldn't. Both me and my girlfriend left half our bowls. I would go back and try something different but not anytime soon.
BUYER BEWARE: you don't get what you paid for with these outrageous prices... the broth was very salty and their was barley any noodles in my bowl... 12$ for what? Your basically paying for their Netflix account because they show anime from a Netflix account YAKI RAMEN?? More like YUCKY RAMEN
I went to cleveland hts lovation with three friends. The service was. Slow and rude.the food was less then average. .bathrooms were. Dirty. You would think being new location it should be top notch\nWe will not return
Would have given a zero if I had the option. Worst Indian food ever! It seemed like there was no dish to redeem it. Palak Paneer 0/5. Chana Masala 0/5. Dal Makhani 1/5. Naan 2/5. Chicken Biriyani -1/5. And the aloo tikki was a -5/5.
First time going to Duck Donuts, the donuts are pretty good and the customer service is excellent but being that I've never been to one of these stores before ordering can be a bit overwhelming if you have no idea what you want. I didn't know where to start so I ended up getting a blueberry muffin and a regular glazed donut.
Place is a small neighborhood gem. Food is all handmade, fresh and delicious. Place hold 50 inside, with an additional patio in nice weather. Service is attentive unless they are packed.\n\nWorth visiting if you're nearby, but it's not a destination by itself.
very bad attitude, I kept going for the convenience and the price but seems like the more I attended the more they got 'comfortable' and the less service we received.....we leave good tips out of respect but they never deserve it...
What a surprising, wonderful find. I had walked by this place so many times, vaguely curious but never venturing in. I'm so glad I did. It's like walking into Narnia, skylights and cozy nooks built out of pillows and lovely wood, plants everywhere. Huge tea menu, $5 + seems pricey for a cup of tea at first, but they're actually served in beautiful hand made pots that keep the tea at a perfect hot temperature with enough to sit and sip for a couple of hours. I never partook in the food or the board games while I was there ( though I appreciate that there isn't a cover for anyone who walks in like some games cafes. They only charge if you decide to play) but the food menu looked great and I'm excited to go back and sample it. Thanks for creating an oasis in the annex guys, I'll be back soon!
What a pathetic food. we went here to celebrate birthday. Ordered biriyani, which is so tasteless not even worth of touching it. There chilli chicken is one of the worst I ever had in my life. We were there before, but looks like it's a rapidly going down. I should say this is the worst food ever tasted in a while. Watch out if you want to venture out into this place.
One of the regular spots on Green street, every time I make the painful decision not to eat at Antonio's and instead eat here, I'm a little surprised as how much I like Zorba's. I see a review saying Niro's is better and cheaper - Zorba's isn't that expensive - but I've never been to Niro's, so I can't compare. I will say that Zorba's has great fries - crinkle cut. \n\nNot much else to say - it's standard gyro stuff, for a pretty reasonable price (huge portion, fries and drink for like $7), and it's definitely one of the few places on that first block of Green that hasn't changes in I think 35+ years.
Nice place. Great atmosphere and food, but I have to give them 2 stars for my Tuesday night visit. Tuesday is supposed to be 1/2 off Margaritas, which the hostess confirmed before she seated us. However after enjoying our meal and drinks, our smiles quickly faded. Apparently only certain tables are included in the Tuesday deal, which AGAIN we inquired about before being seated. Seems kinda shady to leave that part out. I guess we sat in the expensive Tuesday section.
This was my first visit to a Brick House restaurant. First, the atmosphere is nice. Second, the waitress was attentive and nice. Third, the food was just ok. I've been on a mission to find a place that serves pizza with a nice, crunchy crust. I thought a pizza made in a brick oven might be just the thing, so I ordered their $10 pepperoni pizza. It was just ok.  I'm a retired teacher, and the pizza reminded me of my school's cafeteria pizza.  The pizza was unevenly heated, and the cheese was a little overwhelming. I'll try the Brick House again, just not for the pizza.
The tacos and burritos were really quite good; definitely recommended for those who enjoy authenticish mexican food and a relaxed setting.\n\nWent for lunch and contrary to the cries about definitely needing a reso, wasn't a big deal for a table of two.
Food was excellent but waitress made mistakes and ignored us
As of 7/23/08 this location is closed.  It is being turned into a new business, a Korean fusion style restaurant.  According to the new owner, the business shut down about 6 months ago.
Toronto finally has an excellent, almost authentic Mexican restaurant.  Somewhat small and cramped inside, the food makes up for this by miles.  There's also a patio out front (closed on a Wed afternoon and a rear patio) The margaritas, huevos rancheros, enchiladas, chilles rellenos and flautas were all A+.  Service although efficient was just average. Get these servers some personality.  Food came quickly, portions were a good size and nicely presented.  \nI would definitely recommend this restaurant and will return when back in Toronto.
I visited this place last Saturday and found it to be very good. The staff is courteous and the food is also very nice. They should work on their ambiance and music though.
****CASH ONLY?**** SERIOUSLY? you got to be kiddin' me!\nI took my family here today as I wanted to introduce them to Vietnamese cuisine, pho and the likes. I read the reviews and I thought it would be a great place to break them into this food.\nSo yes, the PHO is not bad at all, I had better but really, we had the one with tofu and the one with rare meat and they were good. the noodles are thick and fresh and size is good.\nwe also had the fried chicken with rice which was average at best + the spring rolls which were ok. So all in all the food was fine and I would probably give it a 3 or even 4 stars.\nBUT...\nwhen going to pay I was pulling out my debit card and was told no way! cash only!!! Didn't you see the little piece of paper on the door? you have no cash? it's ok, we have a machine downstairs that would cost me another $3.50 or so. \nFurthermore, they made a mistake sending us a juice that we didnt order and when I said I didnt order it they refused to take it off the bill.\nNeedless to say I was completely ticked off by then and just wanted to leave. NOT HAPPY.\n\nCommon, it is 2016 and 99% of people do not carry cash on them! nevermind it's about 15 cents per transaction. \nThe only reason they dont take cards is because the owners of this restaurant either skip the cash register and keep most of cash without paying taxes or they just want to make an extra $2 from the money machine downstairs. \nThat is not the kind of restaurant I want to give business to.
Not a bad place! But definitely not the best!\n\nCons:\n- service needs improvement. Last time I was there, a customer near my rabble had been waiting 20 mins before being attended to\n-
When I'm at a Chinese restaurant having a hard time with chopsticks, I always hope that there's a Chinese kid at an American restaurant somewhere who's struggling mightily with a fork." ~Rick Budinich\n To call Red Bowl Asian Bistro a Chinese Restaurant would be like calling the Titanic a boat or the iceberg that sank it a cube.  Yes, Chinese\nfood is on the menu but so are a great many other dishes that do not originate in China.  The best way to describe the cuisine at Red Bowl is to use the term fusion and since I think that word is pretentious, I am going to try it a different way.  Here goes...the food at Red Bowl is a delicious culmination of all the great far eastern delicacies prepared in a way that the Southern American palate can comprehend.  That is, the Red Bowl menu contains the very best selection of oriental delights that are marketable to the uninitiated diner.  Red Bowl serves food to appeal to gourmands and foodies alike.\n Since I consider myself part of the latter group (not intending to be snobbish), I was especially impressed with the menu's vast selection.  At first, it may appear daunting, but once you settle in you'll realize, as I did, that the size of the selection is what earns Red Bowl the designation of Asian Bistro...in this case, size does matter.  There is no phrase that more aptly describes the subtle nuances and differences of their listed fare than "Asian Bistro".  To be sure, regardless of who you are dining with (I know this to be true because I have two very food-finicky kids), there is something on the menu for everyone.\n One of the things that make my dining experience most enjoyable is the ambiance.  A nice ambiance can make a marginal meal good and vice versa.  Red Bowl's new Rock Hill location is perfectly outfitted, and the warm lighting, wood-paneled walls and open floor plan make a perfect setting in which to enjoy a meal.  The main dining room is elegantly appointed and spacious.  There is seating for 120 patrons at a time, and you won't feel crowded, because the atmosphere the open dining room creates is light and airy.  For those of you who are not looking for a full meal, you'll be pleased to know that Red Bowl has an elegant sushi bar manned by very experienced sushi chefs.  Here  you can sit comfortably with a friend, choose freely from the broad selection of makimono (variety of rolls like the ubiquitous California Roll) or Nigirizushi (hand formed sushi) and watch as they are meticulously prepared.  Watching the sushi chefs at Red Bowl is similar to watching a ballet; they are graceful, effective and efficient.  The chefs obviously take great pride in their work, and everything that leaves the kitchen is a masterpiece in style and taste.\n Service can also determine a dining experience.  We were welcomed by Owner Joseph Yang and seated in a private dining room that can host up to 35.  I have to admit, I felt like a rock-star because the VIP treatment never ended.  I thought we might be getting preferential treatment because, after all, we were here to review the restaurant, so I wondered around the dining room to see how the "mere mortals" were being served.  To my delight, it was abundantly clear that great service was part of the package.   After we settled in, our waiter, Michael greeted us and took our drink order.  Both the Tega Cay and Rock Hill Red Bowl locations have an extensive bar and wine list (including a great selection of sake), and can serve just about any adult beverage you might desire.  \n We chose to eat "family style" and asked Joseph to choose the dishes as opposed to ordering from the menu.  This way, we decided, we would get to try everything that was brought to the table.  As the food arrived, Michael explained to the novices in our group what everything was and what ingredients each dish contained.  \n The sushi arrived first.  I am not sure exactly what we were served because there was so much of it-it seemed like there was one of each item on the sushi menu represented.  Sushi is one of my favorite foods and I have eaten it at various venues around the world from London to the Cayman Islands and everywhere in between.  Not only was the sushi expertly prepared and presented, it was delicious, too.  Actually, delicious is an understatement but I can't think of a word that aptly explains these taste bud treats.  We devoured the sushi platter (including the garnishes) as if we'd been stranded on an island without food for weeks.  In retrospect, had I stopped to consider how voraciously we ate, I might have been a little embarrassed.  The sushi was THAT good.\n The remnants (what little there were) were cleared and the next course arrived which was an assortment of the appetizers.  Among the parade of pre-meal tid-bits were pan-friend dumplings, chicken skewers, lettuce wraps, spring rolls, egg rolls, and sauces for dipping.
UGH. That's the word that comes to mind when I think back on our visit to Char.  It was restaurant week and I can only assume that it was their first time participating judging by the fact that they ran out of half of the items on their menu.  The 3 things we wanted to order- guess what were out.  And the poor maybe a day over 16 year old waitress had no idea how to handle that.  We wanted the oysters, we were told they were out, so we said we take the chicken wings and guess what, they were out too!  So, of the appetizer choices we were forced into a crab cake.  This crab cake was mediocre at best. Crusty on the outside like a potato cake and mushy in the middle.  Gross.  We received potato pancakes with our meals that looked exactly like the crab cake- and just as disgusting.  When some older gentleman that I can only assume was an owner came by to check on us he noticed I had barely touched the potato cake.  When he asked me if I liked it, I began to respond with a "not so much" look on my face and he quickly ran off before I could even share my feedback with him.  This place needs to get it together. You obviously weren't ready for restaurant week or a serving food in general.
This is a really cute place - was taken here on a date.  Cozy little areas to sit and the staff is really friendly.  They have an excellent selection of tea's and board games - could sit there for hours! Definitely recommend this place when you've got lots of time and good people around.
Ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and Naan through ubereat. I didn't know it doesn't come with rice. Portion was half size of other Indian place.
After hearing raving reviews from my friends, I had to come try this place out. Apparently they're known for their bun bo hue and their banh cuon. And today I was craving a hot bowl of noodles so I decided to come here and see what my friends were talking about. My cousin and i came here around 4pm and already a lot of tables were occupied. We ended up getting a table by the window. I opened the menu and the first thing I saw was the bun bo hue (it's a weekend special fri-sun). So we ordered that plus the banh cuon. \n\nWhen the banh cuon arrived, I was so excited to try it. I've never had it before but it's like rice roll with pork. The rice roll itself is very thin and is sticky and when dipped into fish sauce...heaven! The bun bo hue tasted a bit different but in a good way. At other places it had too much of a lemongrass flavour to it. But this was different, there was a subtle taste of lemongrass plus other flavours. This was also spicy! I'm glad I tried this place out. I heard their other pho are amazing as well and I'd definitely come back again.\n\nThey take cash* only!
This is a small, casual place with excellent food and service.\nWe were seated promptly and the waitress was attentive and helpful.\n\nThe freshly-made chips with salsa was excellent; I have never had tortilla chips that were freshly made before, so they were a real treat. The salsa was very tasty and not overly seasoned.\n\nMy steak burrito was very meaty and satisfying, though I wish it wasn't served drizzled with guacamole and cheese sauce; I would rather have had them on the side. But it was very tasty and a good value.\n\nThis is a good restaurant if you love Mexican food or even if you are not sure because the menu has a lot of options that will appeal to middle-of-the-road tastes.
Edit: I learned that the broth used in the vegetarian pho isn't vegetarian. So it's actually a 'vegetable pho' and not vegetarian. Vegetarians beware!!
We made a reservation 5 days in advance to celebrate my sister's birthday. When we got to the restaurant, they said our table would be ready soon. But 25 minutes later, they informed us they couldn't seat us but that we could go to their sister restaurant a couple of blocks away. We chose to leave and try to find other option. There are too many amazing restaurants in  Toronto to waste our time at this place. Will never come back!
Finally had the Friday Fish Fry and am so glad I did! I had the shrimp which was HUGE and done perfectly. My partner had the cod and it was also done perfectly.  Very light (homemade) batter, and the cod was moist and delish! Warm rolls, great creamy coleslaw, French fries and baked potato were all hot and good. Can't beat the friendly service that is shown to everyone that walks in!  Chico does it right people, so go visit this place! Yum!
Good food. We have had a lot of Indian food in Montreal and in the UK. This one is above average by international standard s. The service though is a bit disorganized and I would the belly dancer and the loud music for something more quaint. But overall worth repeat visits
I came here for dinner with the tour group when visiting Toronto. I think this place is pretty good for the seafood. The most memorable items were the crab, lobster and also fish. We also got a dish of tofu, baby bok Choy, chicken, beef broccoli, and chicken. At the end we also got some oranges.\n\nIt was family style and we sat with two other families. The amount of food they ate were little so I had a chance to eat a lot of the lobster and crabs. I think the seafood was pretty fresh and I was impressed with the quality. I don't know if I would go back to eat there on my own but with the tour group I think it was decent. I don't even know how much it was but I'm going to guess very expensive.
The good: \nNice place\n15%military discount \n \nThe Bad:\nThe tall, fat, white chick was rude. I asked if a sub only had that one type of meat displayed and got all rude on me.\n\nWould be 4 stars without her attitude.\nThe guy named Jose was great.
Pho-king awesome!  I eat Pho Tai at least once an week during the colder months, my go-to place has been Moto simply because it's close to home, I'm lazy, and I typically do take out on the way home from work.  \n\nPho Noodles opened my eye's to what inferior Pho I have been settling for!!   This place is still not far from home, and the broth is DELICIOUS, the fixings were fresh, and damn, it just tasted soooo much better.  I was definitely settling by not wanting to venture too far west for some of the other authentic options.  Parking was convenient and the place looked clean.  No longer must I settle for subpar Pho!
I've tried almost every pho in the city. From the MSG laced soups Scarborough and markham to the late night hang over cures in china town. This place is my favourite. Clean, clear flavorful soup, fresh, soft noodles, this is the best pho. The bun bo hue served on weekends only is also a treat
The gyros are okay at best. They're dry and not very flavorful, even with all the toppings. The fries are decent, at least. If you're in the mood for gyros just go to Niro's. It's within walking distance and has much better food.
Super disappointed to have had a bad experience during my first visit to Chula. I had seen the hype video on BlogTO, but it did not deliver. The patio was full when we arrived, so we took a seat near the front of the restaurant (not a problem). The server we were assigned was also the bartender so it took forever to get our orders. I had to get up from my seat and walk over to the bar to ask for cutlery and plates because the staff were too busy standing around and chatting with one another. Our 'server' didn't stop by once to ask how our meal was and we had to get up to request our bill. Food was pretty decent, but never again.
I recently came here on a frigid weekday evening around 9pm.  I must say that Yuzu was a wonderful, warm reprieve from the blustery night.\nThe bar was fairly crowded so my friend and I grabbed a seat in the dining space where there was ample seating.  First and foremost, the beer and cocktail menu is not only beautifully curated, but hilarious and witty with on-trend references like the 3am Snap Story cocktail.  I had a Platform Xmas ale which was one of the best Christmas ales I've tried.  \n\n As far as the food goes... I was able to try the food at a previous Yelp event and I'm drooling over the fries right now. They offer tasty, unique bites that they serve until late which is a nice option over the usual 24-hour diner fare.  Staff is friendly and accommodating. \nAdditionally, they are always hosting clever events like The Oregon Trail bar crawl.\n\nWhile I was there, some guy at the bar bought the whole house of 20+ people a round of shots. That's the kind of place Yuzu is.  \nIt's warm, it's friendly, it's unpretentious.  It's your new Cheers. \nGrab a friend and go here for a great beer or cocktail, conversation and some tasty late night bites. You won't be disappointed.
I previously gave a bad review only to reverse it on my next visit. The staff was very fast and friendly.  Our sub's came out in very good time and the quality was on point. Very positive experience here! Can't go wrong with the Turkey Bacon Ranch either!
One star is being generous. We wanted to try their Pad Thai. I ordered the shrimp Pad Thai. We waited for awhile. Then I realized the table beside us, who arrived and ordered 10 minutes after us, had their meals.  As we patiently waited, our food arrived and it was cold. And, try finding a server, they barely checked on us. I heard the Pho is good, but I will not be making the drive over.
Was there yesterday for dinner with a friend. Loved the fresh salsa with cilantro & a basket of corn chips. I had a grilled fish taco & my friend had a crispy taco with chicken loaded with fresh salsa & guacamole washed it down with a glass of wine each.  \n\nAmbience was amazing.  Tiny place but very efficient. Would talk my family there soon
Gabi K was sweet enough to cater to my Indian cravings and we ventured out to Tandoori Times on my never ending quest for quality chicken tikka masala. As we scanned the menu, I was disappointed to see that a large portion of their options were only available during lunch time: get separate menus so I'm happily oblivious to what I'm missing! \n\nI am a chicken tikka masala girl through and through. While I may order other dishes in ADDITION to CTM, I *have* to get it at every Indian joint I go to. Yes, yes, I know it may not be the most authentic thing, but I don't care. I love it. So don't you dare try to talk me out of it! And that's exactly what our waiter did, which made me nervous. Was the CTM all that bad? No, it was fair, but the waiter's attempt to lead us down a different road makes me wonder if they really do have wonderful food here, it's just not CTM. Try it out, and go with their recommendations!
After all the food I ate at the CNE I still had room for more. I guess all that walking made me hungry. I had the beef tenderloin with white rice. The beef was slightly tough only and tasted great with the sweet sauce.\n\nService was fast, food was pretty good and price is very affordable. I hope this place is here to stay as its really convenient being so close to my parents home.
Love this place!!! Been countless times for breakfast, lunch and take out. Wait staff is always friendly and help each other out. I pretty much stick to the California salad with the creamy raspberry dressing so I can't comment fully on the menu or quality of the rest of the food but the other folks I dine with have always been pleased with their meal.
Wow Kenny at cvs said try Trattoria for dinner. \nNice local spot off the strip. He was so right.\nGreat food, service & atmosphere. Jill & everyone else was fantastic. Thank you for the best dinner of or stay in Vegas.
It's the best Pho restaurant in the area, so I highly recommend coming here if you're near. It's pretty small inside, so expect to wait for a table during prime eating hours. I believe they only accept cash. People come here because their food is of good value (tasty yet not too expensive). Their decor is nothing to write home about. I believe the restaurant is named after a Vietnamese singer, who happens to be the owner's sister. There is free parking on the surrounding side streets, or paid meter parking on College Street.\n\nI always order either the pho or banh cuon, or both!  Their bun bo hue is pretty OK.
Great spicy edamame is to die for!  This is the best sushi in the east valley for sure.  If I'm wrong please let me know.  I would like the challenge.
Really nice place and great food. Definitely comfort food! My mom had one of the salads and it looked absolutely stunning! Such FRESH vegetables. My dad and I had some pasta. Excellent! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs some comfort food or a great Italian meal. Well done!
My kids LOVED this place! So this review is for them.\nMe on the other hand am not into video gaming so thank god this place was attached to a mall.\nWe went on a Tuesday w our Vegas POGO passes. A POGO pass is a pass we purchased online before we hit up Vegas. It includes a bunch of kid activities for a small fee of $40 per person. This place was on the list so we came and my kids stayed for hours AND hours. Since game works was so quiet my kids stayed in the gaming room for well passed the one hour allotment. He loved it! All the staff there were friendly and very helpful.
Who said GAMEWORKS at Town Square is only for birthdays!!!! Our family is COSMIC BOWLING, playing in the video arcade and having our family Christmas gift exchange.! The manager RON made our family feel warm & welcomed and made sure he introduced us to our server (Brittany-also super duper nice) for any drinks or food orders. Everything is cozy & close enough to keep an eye on the squirrels and still have fun. We are so happy we decided to celebrate the holiday here instead of the crazy casinos! MERRY Xmas!
The Good:\ngreat tasting food\nhealthy choices\nreasonable prices\npeaceful setting with great views, especially outside\ngreat kids menu\n\nThe bad:\nTry to avoid during kids field trip lunches for obvious reasons\nthey closed!  looking forward to the new opening...I hope they maintain the high quality and reasonable pricing.\nthe last few days they were open prior to shutting down was disgraceful...they really phoned it in.
Restaurant: Playa Cabana\nCuisine: Mexican\nLocation: The Annex\nAddress: 111 Dupont St\nPrice Range: $10~\n\n1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent\n\nFood: 5\nService: 4\nAmbiance: 3\nOverall: 4\n\nExtra information:\n\n* Takes reservation\n* Farm to table style\n* Small patio\n* Gluten free friendly\n* Vegetarian option avail\n* Serves alcohol\n* Open for lunch and dinner\n\nIs the taco phase over yet in Toronto? I think not. I know it's been awhile since Playa Cabana first opened but I didn't get a chance to check it out until recently. And now that I did, I regret not finding out about this place earlier!\n\nOrdered: Ceviche of the day 4/5\n\n* Lime and chili marinated seafood served with homemade chips for $9\n* This is a perfect appetizer to start your meal\n* It is light and refreshing with marinated seafood\n* Homemade chips were still hot when they arrived at our table\n* It was little on the sour side but still very delicious\n\nOrdered: Cubeta De Camaron 5/5\n\n* A full pound of shrimp tossed in an arbol garlic butter, Cancun style for $16\n* This was my favorite dish out of all\n* It gets a little messy to eat this but it is so worth it\n* Arbol garlic butter gave so much flavor to these shrimps \n* I could order this as my main dish and would be fully satisfied\n* This is a must order item!\n\nOrdered: Tacos De Pescado (Baja Style) 4/5\n\n* Baja 'Catch of the day' fish tacos, fresh battered with Tecate-cerveza, 3 for $13\n* My favorite taco is hands down, fish tacos and Playa Cabana makes a damn good one\n* Fish is battered light and arrives hot on soft tortilla\n* 3 tacos for $13 is a very good deal, must order!\n\nOrdered: Ancho Braised Shortrib-brisket crispy tacos 3/5\n\n* AAA Ontario beef shortrib braised in ancho chiles wrapped in fresh corn tortillas and griddled to golden crispiness, 3 for $14\n* Honestly I wasn't a fan of crispy taco\n* Crispy taco made it really hard to eat this properly\n* Although personally I prefer fish taco over meat, it was bursting with flavor\n\nOrdered: Tacos De Langosta 4/5\n\n* Steamed Canadian Lobster in homemade hardshell tacos with guac and queso fresco, 3 for $18\n* This was my first time trying lobster taco\n* Again, I wasn't the biggest fan of the hardshell taco but still enjoyed what was inside\n* They don't skimp out on lobster meat and there were chunks of it inside\n\nSummary: Overall I really enjoyed my lunch at Playa Cabana. The restaurant itself is quite small so make sure to go early or make reservation. Seats are quite close together so it's not the most comfortable but you gotta give a little when it's for awesome food!
AVOID AT ALL COSTS.\n\nCalled to get a pizza delivered. Said it would be an hour, an hour and a half rolls around so I called to see if it would be faster for me to just pick it.  They said "oh your order was canceled"... "My manager called you to verify a new customer profile and you didn't answer" WHAT. No one called me. Are we not in the day and age of caller ID?!  Anyways still ordered a pizza and went to pick it up, asked to talk to the manager about how this could be avoided in the future.  (going on 2 hours of hangry now). Was treated like an idiot and like it was my fault that they took the wrong number (apparently. I think they forgot to put my order in). Absolutely THE WORST customer service I've ever encountered. DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR BUSINESS-YOU WILL REGRET IT.
We live across Thunderbird, in a residential neighborhood behind the condos. We moved in in December, and were optimistic that there were pizza/burger joints in walking distance. Upon trying the pizza, by our third visit/take out, we figured out that they have a one size fits all attitude that leaves much to be desired....bigger is not always better. It's a flavorless crust with greasier than necessary toppings. Then, we tried Charr, for burgers, since that's all they do, we were again hopeful that our burgers would be terrific. Such a pitiful excuse for a restaurant. First off, the server argued with my fiance about putting mustard on her turkey burger, and then neglected to honor my wish of medium for my burger. It was cooked all the way through, and the garlic knot bun is not a suitable vessel for the patty because it is too firm and crushed the toppings and it all squirts out. The service was so slow even though the place was almost empty during "dinner rush." The fries are really small, and too salty, sweet potato were also a disappointment. To top it off, this evening, my fiance was at home and could hear loud band/bad karaoke sounding music (which we have been hearing Thurs-Sat. since memorial wknd it seems) come blaring through our back yard starting 8pm. She traced it's origin to Charr, and asked to speak to the mgr. Joe Aiello (owner) fielded the complaint. He was a page out of Kitchen Nightmares, first arguing with her that as a business he didn't have to honor her request. When she suggested he turn it down or reposition the speakers, so as to keep the other possible neighborhood customers happy and returning, he insisted that as a bar that having this band as entertainment was beneficial. He called her rude for asking, and started to pressure her and intimidate her toward the door, trying to kick her out, he just cant take the criticism. This is not the kind of customer service you would expect to be given to someone who could bring in a lot of repeat sales. He is extremely unprofessional and it shows throughout his establishments. The food, service and ambiance in general is all sub par and reflective of his attitude toward guests and the Moon Valley community. NEGLIGENT! We highly recommend skipping this place, just head to McDonalds. We will not be back!
This place surprised me with its variety. Located in Mississauga's Clarkson Village (aka suburbia), this Italian bakery and deli is a small grocery-store-bakery-pastry-shop-deli-lunch spot, all in one large plaza near Southdown Road and Lakeshore Road West (a major intersection close by is Winston Churchill and the QEW).\n\nFirst, parking. This is located in a large plaza so you won't have trouble finding parking. \n\nSecond, the environment and selection. They have a good selection of breads, dinner rolls, garlic rolls, baguettes. They also have a large shelf filled with a moderate variety of freshly made pastries - chocolate croissants, muffins, apple fritters, a couple of donuts, among others. It isn't the greatest variety in the world, but you definitely have stuff to choose from. There's also a hot table with a good selection of lunch options - sandwiches, pastas, sausage rolls, were among some of the offerings on a day I visited. There's also a small counter towards the front with about 5 stools where you can enjoy your lunch.\n\nI purchased the stuffed pasta with alfredo sauce, and 4 pastries (2 chocolate croissants, a sugar bun, and a cinnamon roll). The pastries were actually quite good - not the best ever, but still hit the spot! Very soft and fresh, chewy - the chocolate croissant was stuffed with chocolate, and when I popped one in the microwave this evening, it was positively oozing with melted chocolate... which.... yum. Delicious.\n\nOverall, decent selection and great service. However, note that it's definitely a bit pricier than other Italian bakeries out there - for a takeout box of pasta and 4 pastries, I paid around $17.00 (the pasta itself was $7.99 and the pastries were $1.99 each). \n\nAlso note: if you buy 6 pastries, you don't pay tax on them.
Excellent Mexican, and probably very authentic (but what do I know?).\n\nThis place was surprisingly busy on a Monday night, but we managed to snag a table for four without issue. The seating is TIGHT though; expect to be rammed against the seat behind you.\n\nChips and guac are excellent, though I didn't care for the wings.\n\nWhile the tacos al pastor were good, I think they were trumped by my partner's tacos de chori-queso. I mean, sausage and cheese? Yes please.\n\nThat said, the burritos knock the tacos out of the park. In terms of value there's no comparison (burrito the size of my fat head), but the sauces they layer on top are phenomenal. I started diverting chips meant for the guacamole into the remnants of my dish.\n\nOrdering to go is a hassle-free process, and they were prompt and punctual with the food. Given how tight the resto is take-out will be a viable option for us, despite the warm vibe of the place.
I've given this location multiple chances to make sure it wasn't a "one off" ... But, when ordering. Regular size Pho - I expect more than 4 thin slices of beef!  What a joke.   The bowl was essentially all soup.   My upgrade to egg noodle meant I actually had less noodle than with the standard order rice noodle.  \n\nPlus, the bathrooms are a mess; Never any paper towels.   I give up. Not going back!
The Dim Sum food was amazing. Service was initially bad because our server didn't speak English which made it difficult to figure out how to order and how much to order but once they swapped servers and we got Tommy the experience was much better. In general I am not a fan of Chinese food but I have to say I was impressed by this place. There was not one thing I didn't like and even though I over ate I honestly didn't feel bloated afterwards. It felt like good Chinese home cooking.
The best Tandoori chicken we ever had in USA. We love this place and tandoori chicken here is the Highlight and of course belly dancing if you enjoy your chicken with dance. However the service sucks.. else this place deserves a 6 star rating. The waitress or any staff does not care for you at all. You got to yell at them and waive your hand to grab your attention. They are least bothered to please their customers. However we only go there because of the food and best tandoori dishes. I hope the owner takes serious considerations to improve the service and ask his staff to be more attentive and courteous.
Holy Batman was that a great salad!  Berry Chicken was awesome.  Seriously...worth driving the 20 minutes on lunch to get it.  Veggie wrap was amazing as well.  Cannot find one thing to complain about.  Can't wait to try other items (which will be soon...like tomorrow!)  I asked the gentleman at the counter if they would modify a few things on a future order (sub chicken for gyro) and his answer was "of course!".  Nice job D'Lish!
My pho go to place. On weekends they have bun Bo hue which is my favourite. The servers are super friendly and I love their soup base. The place gets packed on weekends but the wait is fairly fast.
Great plain pizza (neither too salty nor too greasy)  and fantastic chicken parmesian
Limited options for breakfast but the food is really good ! The service was also fast like when you need someone they're quick to come. Unfortunately they messed my order up twice and then forgot to bring the soya drink out after we mentioned it 3 times.
My food experience was just so strange and terrible at the same time. The breadsticks reminded me of Fazoli's.  Anyone remember that place?  Remember the breadsticks?  Ya, they were stale, dry, and overly absorbent of the saliva inside my mouth.  They were not, however, rock hard, so I consider the breadsticks a wash.  \nThe salad was heavy on the onions, easy on the ANYTHING ELSE.  I've never seen an onion salad before but I would imagine that Olive Garden could make one without much extra effort.  I don't understand why they don't do dressing either.  Maybe they do and there was just too little on it, but the salad was dry.  So the salad was a fail.  \nFor the soup, I went with the Chicken & Gnocchi.  By chicken they mean "chicken broth" and by gnocchi they mean "ball of flour dough".  This was more like wanton soup than anything else.  It didn't taste horrible, just cheap...so only a minor fail.  \nI'm still alive, so I did better than I expected.  I figured the worst thing that could happen would be if I got horribly sick and had to take paid time off for a week...that didn't happen either...so another fail.\n\nThe whole experience is what got me.  We show up to GhettroCentre with 6 people and there are at least 20 waiting around for tables.  That's fine, it is lunch time.  We got a table and our waitress was decent enough.  Group ordered some sort of appetizers (that I did not partake of).  They brought our drinks.  We ordered our meals.  They brought our salads and breadsticks.  Then they brought us one of the apps.  About 10 minutes later she comes by to check on us...and we tell her we still don't have the other app.  She disappears for a while and comes back and says "we ran out of chicken so it's going to be a while"... wait what?  You ran out...but you will...what?  Clone some more?  Sub something else?  What are you doing to make more chicken appear?  We decline the app since our meals are arriving any minute.  Food arrives, everything is normal, whatever.  I was only mildly distracted by the weird outdoor christmas light strings they have draped throughout the dining room.  I survived.\n\nMy question is, my soup/salad/breadstick combo was like $6.99.  Everyone else's meals come with salad and breadsticks, right?  So I could have just ordered the $5.34 soup (seriously, that is expensive soup) and noshed on salad and breadsticks without paying for them?  Right?  What is up with that?
Hi, I'm Denise and I love donuts. If you know me, you know that I will almost never turn down a donut. \n\nI'm a fan of donuts that are light, soft and flaky (like the original glazed from KK). These are not like that, yet they still impressed me. I loved that these donuts were warm, fresh and MTO. They start with a vanilla cake base and you are able to add icing (strawberry, vanilla, chocolate, lemon, maple etc.) and other toppings like bacon bits, sprinkles, coconut flakes and more. They also have special donuts like orange creamsicle and pumpkin! \n\nMy donut came out to be about $1.29~ a piece. It's well worth it. See you at Duck Donuts!
Had a great time at Gameworks at Town Square last night. Jarred was our server while we were bowling. Jarred was very knowledgeable about the food menu and was spot on about the Short Ribs entree (2 big pieces of beef short ribs over a bed of creamy mashed potatoes and gravy). Wish they had more games tho. I spent about 2 hours on the new Transformers game and the jet fighter game.
Big portion sizes at a not-so-bad price! Their in-house made chips and salsa are delicious. I'm not the most well-versed in all things Mexican, but this place comes off quite authentic - from when you first step over the threshold of what used to be a house to this small, intimate restaurant with Mexican music playing. They even had the heat turned up because my glasses fogged up as soon as I came in from the brisk March air. I'd definitely come back or at least check out their other location at DuPont and Avenue which is closer to the Yonge subway line.
I would originally give them 3 stars but after taking advantage of their new deal they offer on Thursdays, I would definitely say 4 stars! This deal I'm talking about is $10 for UNLIMITED game playing from 5pm-Close on Thursdays! Awesome! I feel like they read everyone's mind because it would always be kind of pricey to play before, I feel like $20 goes so fast here and I bet that's true for a lot of parents as well. So Thursdays is the way to go! The only catch is that the games that offer tickets, well you can still play them but they don't give you tickets. Makes sense, $10 is such a steal and then you get free prizes too? No way haha That's no problem for me since I don't really care about the prizes but that definitely could be an issue for the little ones. \nMy favorites are the football throwing game, skeeball, air hockey, mario kart and this other game that you knock down clowns with balls in an alotted amount of time. Also out of all of the games offered I think there were only 2 out of order so that's not too bad. As for the unlimited game play, you can't use your card at the photobooth but I didn't have a problem using it with anything else. Overall, I probably would only come here Thursdays now, I'll definitely be back!
Must try their great "pho" and "banh cuon". "Pho" has a very nice broth, tender meat, soft noodle. "Banh cuon" has soft rice noodle flat and delicious filling. The "pho bo kho" is a bit oily but the meat is tender and the taste still nice.
Good service, nice atmosphere, the filet is horrendous, I thought they brought me a ribeye. The patio is great you can even smoke near the fireplace.
Had the jerk chicken and curry chicken. Both were awesome, but the jerk was the winner of the two with its authentically spicy seasoning. Good portions at a good price. You are missing out if you don't give it a shot.
We had lunch here today- my favorite spot for lunch! The mango ice tea is amazing! The Cuban sandwich is to die for - try the quinoa salad as a side... So good! The salmon dish (friend ordered) looked beautiful and she ate every bite! Fresh farm to table with a beautiful view!!!! I recommend making a reservation on open table and requesting a table with a view!
This was the first time I visited Pho Noodles, and it will probably be the last. This review is based more on the customer service than the quality of the food. Tonight, not only were we served with Pho Noodles, we were witnesses to disorderly conduct that took place in the kitchen. This is a small restaurant, so when a disturbance occurs in the kitchen, you can hear all of its glory. An older woman was screaming at an older man in the kitchen. We also heard several thuds coming from the kitchen. A concerned customer opened the swinging door to stop the disturbance to see a man trapped against a wall being screamed at by an angry woman who appeared to be the owner. The customer who had two small children with him asked the screaming woman to stop her screaming. This angered the woman, and she began approaching the customer as if she was going to assault him. The customer threatened to call the police, and the poor server at the counter begged him not to call the police. It was the most awkward restaurant experience I have ever encountered. I'm not sure what the argument entailed between the man and the woman in the kitchen, but it was certainly not the time or place for the argument to occur in front of at least 15 seated customers.
I have trouble passing up Chinese buffets, so when it was lunchtime and I had an hour until I needed to pick up my wife from her nearby dental appointment, I headed here!\n\nNot too busy on a weekday at 11:45, there were plenty of tables. The food on the steam tables appeared pretty fresh (or at least as fresh as it can be in this situation). Pretty solid for straight carbs with noodles and rice dishes, the usual protein heavy trays were a bit lacking. You could probably do better if you wanted to do the hibachi where you can put in as much meat or chicken as you like. But where China Buffet seems to excel is over at the sushi section. A very good selection and not just the boring ones. There was mackerel. And more. Hey, I took a pic.\n\nService was good. My waiter was back and forth often to refill my water glass (you should really drink a lot of water at a Chinese buffet).\n\nI liked it. I'll try and be back!
My favorite warm sub shop in the valley by far. Steemed subs are amazing and much better than toasted subs. Come eat here and never look back.
Der Besitzer ist arrogant, unhöflich und das Wort Service existiert in seinem Wortschatz nicht. Die Küche ist zwar exzellent, jedoch sollte das Gesamtpaket stimmen. Nie wieder!
Came here because Congee Queen was packed with a 25min wait.  Forget about that !!  In this day and age, there are other restaurants around that are just as good, especially if you are hungry.  This is one of them!\n\nSunday night around 6pm, table for 7.  Walked right in and got a table right away. I knew what i was going to order from looking at the menu last time i was here. (Soft shell crab fried rice).\nMMmmmm, was not disappointed. The place was not extremely busy, but busy enough. The staff was much friendlier this time around.  Push the button, and they came right away!\n\nQuantity of food was good!! Had to take food home.\n\nStill hard to pick dishes, you have to come here a few times and just order your fav dishes !!\n\n4 stars for this experience!!
This is the worst sushi I have ever had in my life. Tiny, soggy rolls made with gummy rice. I had a dragon roll and couldn't even eat it. It was covered in a cloyingly sweet sauce and overly salted sauce. I felt robbed after spending almost $15 on this horrible 'food'
Best salad I've ever had.  Had the roasted beet salad that came with yellow beets, goat cheese, some nuts in a light vinaigrette and a side of french bread.  Scrumptious lunch while at the Phoenix Art Museum!\n\nIf the service matched the quality of the food here, I would definitely give 5 stars.
Stopped here to try out a new place.  I ordered the pasta and sauce while my wife got the tortellini with tomato sauce.  The pasta and sauce tasted "generic".  The tortellini, though was very good.  The service was poor and my knife was not clean.  I turned around to signal our waitress and the place was empty.   The bartender was gone, the waitress was gone, all the patrons had left, and the room was completely empty.  (Someone showed up about 20 minutes later.)  Food is a bit pricy for what you get. Watch out for the "nickel and dime" extras.\n\nPlace could be improved by providing better quality control (dirty silverware?) and keep an eye on the customers' needs.  It would also be nice to feel that I was getting a better value (or experience) in paying $15 for a pasta dish.
Tried the goat burger special. It's apparently made with goat, lamb and beef on what appears to be a flatbread bun. Burger was burned on both sides and the bun was also charred. Fries were good though. Service was really good tonight.
So I went back to Charr after my initial visit to take the boyfriend in. What man doesn't love a burger?! Well he loved it....until he found a hair in the meat. I hope for their sake this was a one-time thing but we haven't been back since.\n\nBummer because I like supporting local places but it was one hair too many.
Sorry to hear others have had less than fantastic experiences. I've been several times and enjoyed each one very much. Anytime I have wanted to add or remove/substitute anything regarding rolls it has always been welcomed by the sushi chef. I have never had table service here so I can't comment on that. Someone commented on the portion sizes being too small???? I would consider her too glutonous. Its sushi not Big Betty's BBQ pit.
Just a casual afternoon out with my family, we decided to come to this place for some tasty Vietnamese food! I ordered a small pho and it was decent but wasn't the best pho I've ever had. They put to much noddles and it was to salty. The avocado milkshake is a must have, since they use fresh avocados! However,the service her was not amazing nor bad. There were only two people out in front to take care of the whole front! Twice I requested some spoons and both times they forgot to bring it to me. The service is really slow here so if you quick service this is not the place for you.
I don't know how anyone could give this locally own gem anything other then five stars. The staff is friendly, and the owner is amazing;she makes you feel at home. Not only is the service on point, the food speaks for itself: my favorite is the the lobster linguine which is literally served with a whole lobster, and the tiramisu is out of this world!!
I must say that last night we had one of the worst experiences ever at a Barrio. We showed up for late night, seating at the bar, which was about 3/4 full. It took about 5 minutes before anyone even greeted us, by simply dropping some chips and salsa in front of us and then staring at us. Finally asking if we actually wanted a drink. After this the bartenders were nothing but completely un attentive to us, as we would run out of chips it would take at least 10 minutes before they would even notice. The lack of attention and just absolute disrespect that we felt as customers was appalling. Mind you, the bar was less than half full at this point and there was maybe 2 tables with customers in the restaurant. We would have stayed for at least one more margarita, if not more had it not been for the horrible, horrible service. I will certainly not be returning to this Barrio, and it will be a hot minute before I even think about going to another Barrio location. Hey Barrio, get some better staff at this location!
Ordered chicken tikka masala through uber eats. \n\nServing size seemed smaller than average. At first, I thought i was just deceived by the small cup packaging they used. In the end I had to cook some extra chicken to add to even get full. \n\nTaste was decent to good, but the chicken was inconsistent. Some pieces were good while others were as hard as leather. \n\nHonestly, I'm just really disappointed by the delivery experience. No rice, utensil, or napkins.  For $15 I expected a slightly bigger portion and at least some rice to go with it.
Probably safe to say that this is one of my favourite pho places to go! Everything we ordered was authentic and so delicious! The Banh Cuon is a must get ! The Bun Bo Hue was also one of the best I've had, the broth was a little too spicy for me but I still very much enjoyed it! The spring rolls were crispy and everything was so worth the price !\n\nThe only thing is that parking is so hard to get! There is a parking lot behind the restaurant but it was very tight, if you get lucky, you might get a parking spot right in front of the restaurant. What made up for it was that parking is free after 6 PM on the weekend IF you can get a spot.
Had not been in the area in a while and wanted to hit Market Bistro which used to be in the spot.  Found out they had closed and decided to try the new Charr.  In a nut shell, overpriced and the food was OK at best (nothing you can't make at home with some basic store bought ingredients).  Ordered a "glorified" grilled cheese which literally was a hunk of cheese between two pieces of bread with no real flavor and my wife ordered a chicken sandwich that was dry and hard to eat.  The sandwiches didn't even come with fries (for $10 bucks each you can give your customer .50 cents in fries).  Ordered the cream cheese filled poppers which literally tasted like they came out of a freezer and where dropped old oil.  Defiantly not impressed and wouldn't go back.
I love the atmosphere of this place. Colorful walls, friendly service, free internet. They are a great local coffee shop to support. I encourage anyone to try them out.
Good authentic indian food.  Decent prices.  Nice atomosphere.
I come here pretty often for breakfast or when I'm craving some cheap chinese breakfast foods like macaroni in soup because they have an all day breakfast menu for ~$7! The food here is pretty cheap for the most part because they have a lot of combo deals. The restaurant is really big so for the most part you won't have to wait EXCEPT during breakfast on the weekends where it can get really busy.
Bartender Grahm and  Server Julian made the night an extra 5 Stars!  After "high end" dining all over Toronto, we decided to go local.  We happened upon this gem.  TEENY so..be prepared to mush in but worth it!  Drinks creative and relish.  Chips (ALWAYS) the barometer and definer between "eeh and GREAT" were..GREAT!  Salsa great!   Not at all stuffy!  Crowd local and chill.  Manager could smile a bit more but the rest of the team was terrific!    A wonderful neighborhood eatery.  Everyone that came in was greeted with name recognition or a smile and wave.  Vegetarian dish was flavorful and abundant.   Tacos great too!   RESERVATIONS A MUST!!  Happy Chip-n-Dipping!
Every time I come here, I can't stop drinking the soup! This is one of the best pho restaurants I've tried in Phoenix.
The best dim sum I've had in downtown Toronto. They have a good selection if you go around noon. It can get really packed, but it's worth the wait. I'd recommend the BBQ buns which remind me of the ones from Tim Ho Wan in terms of texture, dumplings, and wrapped rice.
Rainy Sunday's calls for duck donuts! Please come completely prepared, the line was out the door, be ready to order when you get to the register. Super cheap for made to order donuts. There were two employees assembling donuts and one frying donuts and they were rapid fast. It's fun getting to mix and match different combinations on your own. Maple bacon donuts, yes please!
My wife and I stopped in for lunch today and did not enjoy this place at all. We stopped in thinking the lunch menu would fill us up and be a decent price but it was quite the opposite.\n\nOnly sweetened green tea is available so it already lost authenticity points with us off the bat. The lunch specials were reasonable in price but a bit limited. Once we made our choices we couldn't believe how tiny the portions were.\n\nA tiny cup of salad and a formed puck of rice the size of a can of shoe polish with some tasteless California rolls for my wife's "meal". My wife is the least picky person I know but stated that she had better California rolls at Fry's Grocery store that had more flavor.\n\nI actually timed how long it took me to eat my curry - 1 Minute:17 seconds and I was scraping the plate for a single grain of rice. For that and 2 teas was $25 dollars + tip on top.\n\nNeedless to say we will never return to this place as the prices were too high and the portions were laughable.\n\nThe only reason I didn't give them 1 star was because the (whole 5 bites worth) of Curry was excellent and very authentic to a true Japanese curry as it would be served in Japan (only in tiny snack sized portions).
I had lived in Tega Cay for almost 2 years before I realized there was a Red Bowl this close to me!\n\nThe restaurant is very clean and quiet (we went around 7-8pm)\n\nThey have a huge selection of Asian foods, from sushi to entrees and deserts.\n\nI always get sushi, and I try different sushi rolls every time. They never disappoint! The martinis are delicious and full of flavor!\n\nOur server (I can't remember her name) was very attentive and kept our drinks full and kept our table clean.\n\nWill be back very soon :)
I have never had bad chicken until yesterday. Ordered a 8 piece dinner and the chicken was like they took it out to soon. It was like mush. Not crispy at all. Do not to this KFC. I should have checked here first. Wrost meal EVER!
My mom and I have come in for lunches a few times, always seem to land on Wednesdays....and every time we have been pleased, and very thankful this was a good Indian lunch option close to home, but we had to let you know about our last time there...\nWe know what restaurant owner expectations are for servers,cooks ,bartenders, food runners,etc...and this one we thought the owner should know... A pleasant american girl was our server, but where it went unpleasant was her descriptions of the food... \nWe usually get a veggie dish and a chicken dish, we never heard of what these particular dishes were on this lunch special day, so we asked her to described it..\n1st thing she said is, the veggie dish was just peas,carrots,and looked like vomit, she claim to only like all the chicken dishes they  are all good...\nMy mom and I couldn't believe she was calling the chefs food vomit, that's actually all we could think of, we got our dishes,(1 chicken,1 veggie ) and although it didn't taste bad, our hunger was turned off, and we no longer could eat, so my mom and I basically paid $25 for our chai . We needed the check ,couldnt  find her so i come to find her texting on her phone...what a pet peeve to have that kind of employee, phone usage shouldn't be in the public's eye...but maybe its a more laid back environment, but we weren't getting proper service. So needless to say, we did not enjoy that time at all and felt like we wasted our money that day.
This place is always busy but take reservations - yay!  There is a cute alcove in the back where we sat and began our journey at the Playa Cabana.  \n\nFrom the group, we got a bunch of share plates.  \n\nGUACAMOLE & SALSA - the guac was very fresh and came in those heavy stone bowls.  The Salsa was definitely the winner, it was very flavourful and the right amount of spice.  Very well done.\n\nFISH CEVICHE - this was a pleasant surprise!  It was tangy and citrusy and it cooked the fish just right with the blend of fresh herbs and lime.  \n\nCHORIZO CONQUISTADORES - couldn't even pronounce it, the server was very helpful!  It was all right, the was thin strips of meat in a slab of red sauce, wasn't a huge table fav.\n\nCUBETA DE CAMARON - this was definitely a winner, it was very delicious!  The shrimp were large and juicy!  The shrimp was tossed in a cajun butter sauce and when you sprinkle the lime on it, it is perfection!  Everyone at the table was pleased and the portion was plentiful!\n\nBEEF ENCHILADAS SUIZAS - this was a very large portion which would have been ideal for 2 if you were to share appies.  It was great, it was beef-off-the-bone tender, and the flavours were delicious.  It came with rice, guac and a choice of black or pinto beans.  A great choice!\n\nThe service was great, very fast, attentive and took the time to explain everything and check on us to make sure we had everything.  The drink were another winner.  The MARGARITAS are famous there and they come in a pitcher!!!  We got the house Margarita (the first one on the drink menu) and it was so tangy and not too sweet, we shared it amongst 4 ladies and we got pretty tipsy after a few pitchers, at $29 you can definitely have a great time and get affordable drinks.  \n\nThe bill after splitting everything was about $50 per person which was mucho affordable.  Must go, it was a great experience.
My favorite restaurant right around the university. \nPhenomenal gyros. I'd say I still hold Zorba's as the golden standard of gyros. \n\nI was there every Tuesday in college for Groovy Tuesday - $1 off gyros - and i was probably there at least one other meal each week. Quick, cheap, delicious. Can't get better than that.\n\nI have a gyro or two every time I'm back in Champaign. \nEveryone should eat more Zorba's!!
Pretty good coffee spot! Amazing biscotti's !! Everything is fresh and ambiance is relaxing !
Of the three Hero Burger locations I've been to (Yonge Street, First Canadian Place food court & Queen Street West), this is the one that's given me the least trouble. My order is always right and the food is consistently decent. So as far as Hero Burger visits goes, this is the location I reach for most often, and the first addition to My Decemburger list.\n\nI ordered my usual (Soul Burger Combo) today with avocado, goat cheese (essential on a burger - seriously, try it!) and fries, and everything was great. My only suggestion would be to throw some lemon juice into the avocado because at 9pm it was looking kinda grey. There are free, self-serve drink refills. \n\nAs is the case with most Hero Burger locations, the washrooms are very, very scary. Hey, at least that's consistent, right?
I've been coming here off and on since the place opened.  I had a love and hate relationship at the beginning.\n\nYears ago, depending on which night you went, the food was different and had no consistency.  One time, I loved they antipasti and then the next time it was completely different.  We asked about it and then they told me it was me...I must have been mistaken.  Well in that case...looks like a FUGAZI.\n\nDidn't go back in years until a friend wanted to meet there.  Well...Well...Well...Welcome back Peter.  The place is exactly the same as I remembered it but things have changed.\n\nFirst of all the staff in the Lounge are great!  Everyone of them are attentive and friendly.  Service has not been an issue the last several times I have been there.  I'm there usually for drinks - beer and wines.  They have an acceptable wine list for a Turtle Jack's place - not sure it they are affiliates anymore.\n\nThe only thing lacking is the food.  I find it not up to par to make this a 5-star rating.  Don't get me wrong.  The food is more than acceptable, however, let's make sure the sauce and arancini is heated through.  The calamari was overly salty....etc.  Still need a little bit of work with the kitchen but overall, they go out of the way to see that the customer is right and deserves the best they can do.  What a great change.\n\nIf you like crowds and live performances, go on Thursday night.  Place is packed and $6 Moretti and $10 pizza doesn't hurt either.\n\nCheers!
Though it was busy, we got there just in time to score a pair of seats.  The high turnover in customers meant we would have waited only a short while but who wants to wait when your hungry!\nThere were two Pho places within spitting distance from each other.  The Phoenix was empty but Pho Lihn was packed.  Always go where the crowd goes - they must know something and with high turn over means fresh food...I hope!\nThis has got to be one of the best Pho I've had.  The broth wasn't the MSG laden mixture that is sweet and salty at once and dries you up from the inside out.  The spring roll was pretty good but the cold roll left something to be desired.\nOne note, the place kind of smelled and the cleanliness comes into question.  I did my best to sanitize my utensils before eating.  Oh well, with that many people eating there, I guess it was worth the risk!\nThe service is brisk and efficient and we had a good night.
I worked out extra hard this week so I wouldn't feel bad about devouring a few donuts. But I suggest walking here if you're already in the area (2 block radius) because parking isn't friendly here. \n\nThe donuts are warm and the variety of toppings will allow you to get your creative mind going. I ordered half a dozen (all different combinations including the maple bacon) and that totaled to about $8. \n\nHowever, I've always come early in the morning before the rush of the day, so visiting during a wonderful Spring afternoon isn't something I will probably do again. It was busy and the cashier seemed annoyed.\n\nA Duck Donut will place a smile on your face and satisfy your sweet tooth, so if you're wanting to give a local place a try on donuts then go check them out.
The man and woman waiting on me were great. My bagel was good, but I had some foreign object in the side of butter, which they happily corrected, without question. However, it was so chilly, it was very uncomfortable. I turbo-charged eating my bagel and left. Pretty bad if even I put on my coat, and am still chilly.  The color scheme and carpet are dated, and booth seats damaged...years later, after I started coming here. Not a good experience.
This place is great! Great atmosphere, incredible food, and awesome service. \n\nWe started with the fish and short rib tacos - both incredible. My wife and I then shared the breaded chicken burrito. The only problem with the menu is that everything looks and sounds SO GOOD it's hard to choose. \n\nThe service was truly as good as it gets. The staff is friendly, helpful, and attentive. They really make you feel welcome. I can't wait to come back.
Great for Thai food on the go, not amazing but in a sea of burger joints and fast food garbage its nice to have a healthy options in this area. Great for a quick bite when coming to the Aviva Centre for the Canada Masters or other events held on York's campus.
Where do I start?! If donuts weren't full of sugar and fat, I'd have these every single day! \n\nThe set up of duck donuts was awesome. It was similar to an assembly line how they prepped them for you. They were made fresh to order and you could watch the employees making them which I thought was pretty cool. And for how many people were there, it was packed, they were going to the line pretty quick! The one thing that did catch my eye in a negative way was that the girl who took my order at the cash register was texting in between customers which was holding up the line longer than it needed to be. Other than that, all the employees were super nice and attentive.\n\nNow to the good part! The donuts were delicious, they literally just melted in your mouth. I don't think I've ever had a cake a donut before but it's now my favorite go to treat! We got the maple glaze with bacon, the cinnamon bun (the daily special), and a glazed with rainbow sprinkles. We could not get these donuts down fast enough!! They had sooo many different toppings and glazes, I didn't know what to do! The ones we had were awesome though. I can't wait to go back and try some different mixes!
Ramen was yummy. Came with some friends after finals and got the tonkatsu with ramen noodles. A few other people in my party got various ramen with udon noodles and they were very surprised. Staff was nice and service was okay! They have projectors on the wall which is awesome, but also a but disorienting haha. Overall a good vibe and good food options. There isn't any food on their happy hour menu, but drinks sound awesome. Trying their happy hour martini and a miso ramen is on the next list!
What an unexpected treat! Duck is a unique donut shop with an assembly line where you can see your donuts being made fresh. They offer some cool flavors for coatings and toppings and my family thoroughly enjoyed the maple glaze with bacon topping! They only offer cake donuts, but you won't be missing yeast when a hot Duck donut is melting in your mouth. \nThere isn't much of a dining area, but the atmosphere was buzzing and the shop is in a sweet location. \nThis place is a must if you live in Charlotte - I  look forward to making the half-hour drive to experience Duck Donuts again soon!
Went in on a weeknight as I was craving for some hk style food and was in the neighbourhood. The menu had a huge selection on items which was good but it was very hard for me to choose since I wanted to try everything. Tried the chef recommendation which was the shrimp fried rice for $13 and it was good. The portion was ginormous which i had to take home as the waitress told me this can feed for 3 people. Also ordered the chicken skewers and they were alright. I really enjoyed everything about it except that it closes early. Will be back for round 2!
Got a to go order with our office. I got the bang bang shrimp and a side of white steamed rice. Shrimp was large Sauce was good. More of a sweet flavor. Rice was good and not dry. Our order was correct and we had no complaints!
Amazing donuts!! Warm, delicious, and however you want them. The only thing that I don't like is the line at some busy points of the day.
Every now and then I gotta have a gyro at Zorba's! Just as delicious now as it was in the early 80's when I was in college here. Of all the places on campus that have come and gone, I'm happy that Zorba's has endured.
The worst Mexican restaurant I've been to in a long time. My boyfriend and I came to Chula a while ago, and it was not a good meal, atmosphere or service. \n\n1. Turn the music down, your waitress should not have to ask your customer 4 times what they want.\n\n2. Your portions are small, over priced, and over rated.\n\n3. Your staff is rude, not helpful, and cannot take orders properly.\n\nP.s. Bad mojitos.
Zorba's is another place that my parents remember from their time as graduate students in the late 70's, and it appears to be somewhat of an institution now in Champaign.  I went with my parents on a summer Tuesday right at opening time and our food came out quickly.  It's cafeteria-style seating and the place filled up within a half hour.\n\nWe got 2 of the beef/lamb gyros and a Greek salad.  I thought the gyro was okay.  I mean, totally acceptable, but honestly I've had better at the Greek-fest thrown by the little Greek Orthodox church across the street from me in Boston.  The one I'm used to has a lot more of the meat, better sauce, and way more tomatoes and more thinly-sliced red onions (instead of the white onions used at Zorba's).  The fries that came with the combination platter were not good at all.  Those were mostly left untouched.\n\nOverall, Zorba's delivers reasonably good value, and was a quick, convenient lunch stop in Champaign.  I didn't think the food was great by any means, but it gets the job done.
I love Olive Garden, I love their salad & bread sticks. My boyfriend took me here on one of our 1st dates years ago & it became a place we eat at frequently. We both love the chicken Alfredo & the fresh grated parmesan cheese they top it with. When they have the never ending pasta bowl special he likes to go & get spaghetti & meatballs or sausage. For a big chain place its ok, I know it's not "real" Italian, but it's still good.
I haven't met someone who doesn't like Duck Donuts! Hands down, the best donuts in the QC! Do yourself a favor and get a donut with maple glaze & bacon pieces.... so amazing!!
On my quest to find the best Mexican food in the city, and a suggestion from a sweet friend of mine to check this place out while we were out for a walk one day, we decided to stop in and wait for it to open for dinner at 5. Good thing we were the first to arrive as this place gets CRAZY packed. And I do mean, crazy. It's rocking every night of the week. I couldn't even believe just how busy it gets.\n\nCool setup on the inside, and great outdoor back patio. And 2 words: Sooooo good! Unbelievably good. I can't even say this enough. The wait staff were all cool and friendly, and the food. Damn. It was good. We had a pitcher of Margarita, which went down smooth on a hot summer's day (we could've shared another if we weren't already feeling so loopy from a booze-soaked happy dinner), and shared the Baja-style Tacos de Pescado (fish of the day tacos), and the Carne Molida Picadillo Burrito (slow cooked beef). The fish tacos were good, but the beef burrito definitely topped both of our lists, and this would be the one to have next time. Delicious, slow cooked, tender, and just oozing with flavour. And everything was so fresh; the way that Mexican food should be. We could've ordered another burrito, but it would've been pure gluttony (not that I have any issues with that) ;) \n\nI definitely recommend making a reso in advance or you will be turned away from the door (sadly, this happened to us our second time). Best times of day to call to make a reso are between 1-4pm, otherwise the staff are so busy with managing the inside that they don't get around to answering the phones (we tried this approach as well). If you can't make a reso, show up right at opening in order to secure yourself a table. Totally worth it and it ranks as my fave mexican restaurant in the city, by far. Good portions, delicious food, cool wait staff, great drinks and cool atmosphere.
This is long overdue, but I can't tell you how pleased I was with the service inside the esports area. It was our first time and how eager we are to go back! You have the option of $5/hr or $20 for 5 hours and you don't have to use it all at once. Save your credit for a rainy day. The young men working there are extremely fun, knowledgeable and attentive! We also ordered food and drinks.  We couldn't get enough of the amazing Mac n Chz Balls!!! And the attendants were so kind in refilling our sodas. I couldn't ask for more. My son said it was the best day ever! Thanks guys for an outstanding job!!! :)
Wish I had seen the Health Dept. score before I ate here. There is no reason for a restaurant to have a 92. The food was cold, almost like the hot tables were not working. Somebody should tell them to put Garlic in the green beans. One of our group had them warm her food up on the grill. \nThe servers were great...they got the star from me. Well, excuse me, I have to go back to the bathroom for the third time since I have been home. Never eating there again, heck with how pretty the place is inside!
There is sparse choice in dining options in Malvern...we find ourselves at Carrabbas because of convenience, not any overwhelming desire to eat there.\n\nGood news first: the blackberry sangria is excellent.  I do prefer my drinks on the sweet side, and it tasted like candy.  \n\nHowever, the rest of the food was very blah.  We ordered the bruschetta to share, but I'm not sure what we really got.  Cheese (I'm guessing a goat cheese ricotta) balls sitting in warm marinara sauce with sliced garlic bread on the side...since when is this bruschetta?  It wasn't bad, per se, but my tablemates and I were quite confused, to say the least.\n\nEntrees were uneventful.  Lobster pasta special was bland, Pasta Weesie was greasy, etc etc.\n\nService was fairly laughable, though at least we got an apology when our ticket was "lost" in the kitchen and that was why we had to wait 20  minutes for our food.
Love the bartender. Go see Bob and listen to a few of his thousands of jokes.
Great place to eat! I had the bacon burger with egg combo. It was delicious. One of the best burgers i've had. It came with a very generous portion of fries as well. \n\nStaff was very friendly and sociable. The restaurant was also very clean. Will definitely return!
If you're looking for that a Pho fix in your life, this place can cure it. It's definitely above average, but not the best I've had, but better than most. It's a popping place for lunch but service is still quick. Appetizers came out quickly followed shortly after by a big bowl of hot Pho. Price is on par with most place and generous portion sized bowls.
In came into town for a work function and stayed at the Sheraton for two nights. This time, I stayed on the club level, thanks to my work. This review is from a newbie to the upper level of hotels, from an outsider type standpoint, as this was my first time on club level. \n\nCheck in was fast and easy. Gentleman who was greeting guests was more than accommodating and friendly. \n\nWe visited the lounge area after we checked in and got settled. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. She wanted to make sure my group was comfortable and she was super polite. Breakfast was a similar experience. \n\nThe room left a lot to be desired, considering it was a club level room. I had imagined it a bit more luscious, although for me, the room was fine. I do suggest to the staff to fix the peeling wall paper, make sure times on the clocks are correct, take care of any mold issues, make sure the toilet flushes, touch up any peeling paint, and if a lamp shade is damaged or dirty, just change it. I understand some of these things in a lower tier hotel, but club level at the Sheraton? \n\nI always enjoy my stay here regardless of what floor I'm on. The rooms are comfortable. People are friendly. Rooms are generally clean. Those are the things that matter.
Firehouse is awesome. Always great sandwiches. A bit pricey but we'll worth it. This location is clean and friendly.
Couple donuts from Duck's and sugar rush is sure to kick in !! Maple bacon donut is the bomb, chocolate coconut donut is the second bomb !!\nSuper fresh, soft, warm, sweet and delicious donuts prepared right in front of your eyes.  To be honest I didn't realize these were cake batter donuts until I read some of the reviews here.  Love the taste.  \nA small place in a strip mall, always a little bit crowd, majority of them are kids running around the shop.  They also have couple tables inside to dine in and offer coffee as well.
Video games and attractive bartenders, it's almost the equation for a perfect wet dream. They don't just have the run of the mill games either. The fact that MarioKart is up in there is worth 4 stars alone. Oh and if you get a shot of Patron here, which you better because this is Vegas, expect a gigantic shot because these ladies aren't selfish with their liquor. The only down side is that there are a couple kids in there and my adult ass would like to be in the company of other adults even though I'm socially awkward and won't talk to them anyway. Definitely a good spot to go to with the girlfriend or boyfriend (No judgements) just don't be in there drunk playing video games solo...it's slightly depressing lol! But hey...at least you're out of the house.
Busy place... The doughnuts are amazing. You get to create your own pretty much. It stays busy but they come out pretty quick. There is a few places to sit and eat. I recommend trying it at once.
This place is super cute, hugged in between a hair salon and what used to be a chee chee burger on Eastern + 215.\n\nWe went mid-day for lunch on a Monday and loved our experience. The food was lovely and our server was nice enough to comp our desserts and affogato for us.\n\nI strongly recommend my dish the lobster ravioli over my friend's tricolore gnocchi (and I rarely say that about potato dishes ever) simply because the pink vodka ravioli sauce is to die for! Spongebob and Plankton knew what they were talking about when they said that ravioli secrets were worth fighting for.\n\nCautionary tale that their desserts are no joke in size, with cream puffs the size of saucers and truffles richer than Donald Trump. Honestly, it's like these desserts got their degrees and went back for grad school. Then to top off our visit, their affogatos were a great balance of creamy and bitter deliciousness.\n\nThere was simply no downside to our visit, I would definitely like to come back soon to try their carvery entrees.
First things first: while I have had Vietnamese cuisine before, I had never actually had a bowl of Pho.  I broke by Pho virginity last night with Linh.\n\nIt was pretty much was I expected: a delicious broth with several pieces of rare beef slices (I can do without balls, tripe or tendon--it takes a drink or two before I can get more adventurous with eating animals parts) and those thin rice noodles.  I don't like raw onion (grossest thing in the universe) so that was hard to deal with.  But overall it was good.  I could eat those noodles all day long.\n\nAgain, I can't comment on the broth in terms of sweetness or savoriness, amount of beef/noodle to broth ratio, etc.  It seemed right and was exactly what I anticipated.  I can't imagine any Pho fan being disappointed here.\n\nI also tried these shrimp rice cake things.  They were OK--about the right amount of "foreignness" for me .  $5 got you a whole plate which was way too much for one person--only order these if you are able to share with others.\n\nAs for the restaurant?\n\nService was swift and efficient--although not really warm.  (But what do you expect for a $7 bowl of soup?  I think the lack of warmth makes for a more authentic experience).  We were not rushed at all and took a long time.\n\nValue was great.  $12 for my two items.  There is no way I could ever make this for myself at home.\n\nAmbiance was so-so.  Clean and well lit, not too cramped, but the acoustics were horrible.  I could barely hear my date at times.  Bathroom was clean.\n\nBottom line?\nVery recommended if you can walk here.  I would not come out for this place as I assume it offers nothing that you cannot find elsewhere in the city.  But if I lived in the area, I would dine here on a regular basis, no doubt about that.
This place is seriously perfect. The staff is so friendly and amazing, and I love how you can literally watch everything being made. I love the flavor options, and the cake donut is just ridiculously good. It's sounds gross, but I'm sure I could eat a half dozen because they are just too delicious to stop. Oh, and the donuts are still warm when they serve them to you. Oh yea AND they have donut samples while you wait. They don't skimp on the toppings either, they just load everything on there. I want to go back every morning.
Beautiful heated patio. Underwhelming food. I came with some girlfriends on a Saturday night. The atmosphere was perfect to celebrate a birthday with great music and good energy on the patio. The food left much to be desired. I did appreciate that they were willing to make modifications to menu items. Overall, I didn't feel any items I tried were amazing or worth making a trip out to the east end. The biggest disappointment was that they didn't have churros (they have a churro sundae bowl but we just wanted regular churros and that dessert couldn't be modified).
This place is horrible. Ordered twice from this location, and both times they had to call and say they were out of this or that. This time, my whole order was canceled, when I'd anticipated they were just canceling what they were out of. Manager quickly hung up before I could confirm. Called back not even a minute later, and was told they didn't even have my order. Don't know why I've even bothered with them at all, but I most definitely will not be trying a 3rd time.
Came here the other day with my two kids. My son ordered a quesadilla as usual and actually ate the whole thing- which he never does! It looked really good and came with a fruit skewer. I had the Mexican bento box. The meat was delicious but everything else was eh. I liked it enough to come back. Great food for kids I think.
I was apprehensive about Playa Cabana. I heard they rush people out. I don't like this. I heard some people say the tacos are amazing and others claim they are not authentic. After enjoying dinner there tonight, I'd say the latter is pretty much horseshit.\n\nLet's break it down like this:\n\nEnvironment: wonderful, but you couldn't comfortably spend a lot of time lingering here. The decor of the room is super cool and you feel like you're in a bar in Mexico. Props for decor. \n\nService: They did get a little rush-y at the end, but it was pouring rain outside and we'd already lingered a bit waiting for it to stop, so actually, they were pretty hospitable. If is hadn't been raining, I would not have found a reason to stay after finishing our food and drinks. Our server wad friendly and recommended a few things for us.\n\nFood: UH MAZ ING. Are you freaking kidding me? The quality and quantity of meat in the Short Rib Tacos was staggering. So tender and scrumptious. The flavours were making me tingle-- in a good way! Who are these pendejos that say the food is not authentic? They vary the shells up a little, but they are definitely tasty and display traditional Mexican seasoning and flair. Let's also not forget that Mexico is a very big country with cooking styles as diverse as Italy and India. What one region dresses their tacos with is not what another region will do.\n\nPendejos.\n\nMy friend had the Toastadas with Barbacoa and Chicken. The tostadas are large and very good. I'd say for a smaller meal: tacos. Medium meal: Toastadas and large meal: Burritos. I'm a piggy and was stuffed after the tacos. My friend took some of her toastadas home. I am still stuffed after heading out for a couple of drinks and a bike ride across the city.\n\nValue: under $100 with tax and tip for a pitcher of margs, guac, tostadas and tacos.\n\nI would happily come here again and again. Very impressed and am not surprised that this place does so well. It's also too far north and off the beaten path for the hipsters. Not a beard or a pair of skinny jeans in sight!
This is where I spend 20 minutes every Tuesday night.  Good gyros, cucumber sauce, etc., and thanks to Groovy Tuesdays you can get a kickass feta (+hummus, if you like) veggie pita for a little over $2.  Service is fast and it's not usually too crowded.  Nice, tall tables too.
(Ladies, FYI: I know this is more of a "man's place" but you still get the same awesome service as the guys [to be honest, I think we get better service...HAH!], and there's definitely no 'weirdness' if you go in with a bunch of girlfriends)\n\n\n\nQuite possibly the best laid-back atmosphere. Possibly biased because I'm a Texan (and this is a Texas-based company), but the service here is amazing, the food is pretty darn good, and the environment is awesome.\n\nJessica, my favorite waitress, is quite possibly the best server I've ever come across. It's like she's a freaking genie. I've set down half-empty cups, went back to reach for it again and find a full cup never realizing she had been there. Super attentive and the sweetest personality, she's the main reason I keep coming back again and again.\n\nThe food is good. A solid 'tavern-style' menu....lots of fried goods, finger foods, and even some decent more traditional entrees (which I honestly didn't expect). \n\nThe pretzel sticks are a must as well as the sweet and spicy shrimp (deep fried hot peppers anyone?! LOVE them). Huge fan of the deep fried zucchini as well.\n\nAs far as main meals go, the salads suck. But let's be honest. You don't go to a place like this and order a darn salad. The mahi-mahi is shockingly good. Flaky, sweet, cooked perfectly. Goes great with cajun dusted fries. The burgers are all fantastic with the Black and Bleu being my absolute favorite.\n\nI'm really looking forward to trying their ribs and their chicken&waffles on my next couple of trips!
Once again Barrio delivers a great experience.  Finally managed to find a time when I could get to the new Barrio and actually get inside.  Since Barrio opened at the top of Cedar Hill it has been incredibly busy with big crowds; there were times I couldn't even find a parking spot.  On a Monday at about 4:30pm made it in for Happy Hour and while not full, they already had a pretty big crowd.  \n\nThe decor is similar to the other locations with the Day of The Dead motif mostly in black, grey and white; here it seems a little less organic and more like part of a chain.  The Lakewood location feels more like a dive bar and Tremont feels like a cool hangout, here we have a really nice and interesting execution of a theme.  Look up at the skeletons on the bikes and the cool stained glass and other lighting pieces.  The layout is a high ceiling room with a central bar and a bunch of dining areas at different levels and in different nooks.  A large staff is hustling hard to make sure that everyone is taken care of.\n\nBarrio Cleveland Heights brings the same great food and drinks to the East Side, the tacos are great, although I noticed that while the protein in the tacos seemed to be the same, it seemed as if they were putting a little less other items in, the result is a slightly less messy taco, yet the flavors are still great.   Chips and an excellent salsa are great and just add to the value.\n\nIt will be interesting to see how the crowds hold up, right now it would be best to try to find the off times to try and get in. When the good weather comes and they will open up the front windows and the back patio and it will be huge crowds once again.   Truly a great addition to the East Side and if it continues the way it is going, they will have to look for another East Side location.
Recently took our son here for a celebration, we came on a weekday so it would be less crowded and we could enjoy the games. After purchasing put game card we discovered 50% or more of the games were broken and most of the others we tried to play either were malfunctioning or would freeze while we were playing. Along with that there was no one to greet us as we walked in. Apparently they were not serving food that day either which we learned by a taped piece of paper on the wall. \nThe carpets are filthy and the smell inside is quite unpleasant. \nWe came here when they first opened and it was great, but has gone down hill fast.
We were very disappointed . The restaurant looks like it just a temporary spot. They failed to do much with spot other than paint walls place chairs and tables.. A few TVA and  games..  Not much more to see. \nThe food was terrible and considering there was only one other family there you would think they could do a better job. My caesars salad was soaked with dressing and soggy. The chicken was okay. My husbands fish and chips were dripping with old oil.. But the kids seemed to like the chicken strips and French fries. I think the only thing that was okay to me was the calamari and aioli dip. \nThe rides/ games were extremely over priced. However  at least the service was excellent. Laura our waitress was great and made sure we never had to ask for a refill. She was the one bright spot. \nWe don't have plans to go back.. Rather wait til we travel to a place that has a Dave and busters.
Dim Sum King is located in Chinatown. Street parking is available but may be difficult to find. The restaurant itself is located on the third floor of a shopping center; just follow the signs and keep going up those stairs, then go through the double doors; they may not look like a restaurant entrance but the restaurant is behind those doors.\n\nDim Sum King is a more traditional dim sum restaurant, with carts rolling across the floor of the restaurant offering various dishes to the patrons rather than the patrons sitting down and ordering from a checklist. Having only been to the latter (and poor ones at that) in the past few years, the carts threw me off a loop for a moment, but thankfully past experience  took over, and I was able to enjoy myself. It was a good thing, because the food here was really good.  The dumplings felt fresh instead of reheated from frozen, and the turnip cake was spot on. On the flip side, we weren't automatically given any condiments to sprinkle over our dishes.\n\nDim Sum King is a busy place. The entire time we were there, most of the tables were full and buzzing. It was fast paced most of the time but not consistently so; I noticed that sometimes three or four carts would be passing by our table within seconds of each other. Other times, many minutes would pass before any cart would appear. I also noticed that many of the dishes I had enjoyed at the dim sum places I had been taken to as guest of others fluent in Chinese did not appear near us during our time at Dim Sum King.  On the other hand, the same carts/dishes would reappear often. I don't know if this might be because we weren't there long enough for those other dishes to show up, and/or because I didn't know enough Mandarin to ask the servers to fetch me those other carts/dishes. \n\nI would like to come again, and maybe \n on the heavy/oily side. It is traditionally served with Chinese hot tea because the hot tea serves as a palate cleanser and helps the system digest.
El mejor Lugar para comer degradable ambiante y con el srvisio del chaff jose luis i\nFue exelente que vino a saludar a la mesa
Love, love love their ITALIAN!!! Not a fan of the seating arrangements because the place is small inside , but sandwiches are awesome. My daughter loves the meatball, its just like its supposed be "big and messy, full of cheese"! YUM !!!!
The best Ramen in AZ is here! The broth is thick and full of flavor, complimenting the noodles. Pork belly was seared to perfection. You will not find the great variety of toppings, but the end result will leave you craving more.
This is one of the cleanest and nicest GameWorks we have ever visited. They have a bowling alley, a bar that serves food, pool tables, and of course a plethora of fun games. There is also a cool Gaming room where you can play online PC games, XBox and Nintendo games. Staff is nice too! We stop by here every time we are shopping at Town Square. :)
Amazing place. I can leave my son here for hours. Last several times here, I scored the Groupon deal for $20, all day pass. That is a bargain. Love the fact that you can even play basketball toss and skee ball with the pass. We went for three hours, went to a basketball tournament, grabbed dinner, then came back for another two hours. Awesome place, awesome deal.
I stopped in to Pho Noodles shortly after it opened and it has been my go-to Vietnamese restaurant locally. I usually get the shrimp pho - the broth is delicious and the shrimp are not overcooked. Friends and family have tried a variety of other menu items and there hasn't been a single complaint. I've heard raves about the eggrolls and the bun xiao . I've also ordered the boba - they can make any smoothie dairy-free, for those of us who are lactose-intolerant :)
Came here after a great walk, which meant we were hungry and thirsty.   We started off with fresh squeezed orange juice and some coffee.  Service was great and it wasn't crowded.\n\nI had the eggs benedict.  I've never had them with mushrooms before.  It was great.  They did forget to put my holandaise sauce on the side (I must have offended the chef for asking) but I managed to scrape it off.  The potatoes and salad that came with it were also great.\n\nA great spot for brunch.
If I had written this review when Red first opened they would have received 4 stars, but unfortunately prices went up and food quality went down. We have been fans of Red ever since they opened. We have a large family and frequently like to gather here for dinner. My favorite is the California Tempura Roll, even my kids love it, and my husband's favorite is the Las Vegas Roll. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere, but the floor is always sticky. The service has always been very slow, and I mean really slow. I have noticed that that is a frequent complaint. You also have to hunt someone down for refills on your drink. Ever since the new changes in prices and food quality, we haven't been in several months. Good place, but used to be better.
Casual Water is my favorite restaurant for sushi. Their Sushi Chef Chuck is out of this world. He uses high quality ingredients and prepares sushi like no one else. The presentation of his sushi is picture perfect as well.\n\nThe staff is great and Casual Water has a wood fired grill. You can also get half servings of steaks, even ribeye. I would give Casual Water 5 stars if they had an expanded dessert offering with slices of cake and pie. They only have a dessert tree, with mousse desserts served in glass containers.
Don't waste your time or money on this place, it is a joke and the management should be embarrassed that they're allowing people in the door. NOTHING like any other Gameworks you've ever been to...\n\nWe should have known we were in for a disaster when the poorly designed dining room (dumpy leather couch  from someone's dorm room in the way too-big waiting area?) only had one table of people at 8:30pm on a Friday night. But we had been looking forward to checking the place out for so long we let them seat us anyhow and tried to make the best of it by straining our necks to watch the too-small, misplaced TV's and ordering some food off of the very few options on their 1-page, Kinko's printed menu with too-small font. \n\nWhile waiting for our food, we watched the wait staff deliver a plate of nachos to an empty table by the front door/windows (where hundreds of people walked by, looked in at the boring scene, and kept on moving). The employees proceeded to grab a few nachos here and there every time they passed by, and a few even sat down to eat. I thought maybe they were off the clock until one of them left the nachos, went in the back, and came back out with our food delivery. \n\nThe food was just so-so and not at all worth the price. I asked the server for some salt for my french fries and she dropped off an actual cup with salt in it and then started to walk off (as if this was the norm). I asked if there were any salt shakers, she said no, and then walked back to her own table of food. \n\n I wish I could rate the game area but it's completely blocked off from the bar and restaurant (WHY??) and the dining experience was such a disappointing and boring downer that we decided to leave and head across to Yard House and Blue Martini to finish our date night instead.  \n\n We will never be going back here and my prediction is that it will be closed within a year unless some SERIOUS changes are made.
First time visitor this past Sunday.  I took my sister and mother here for their Mother's Day brunch.  Layout of the food was confusing.  Why would you put bacon with cold fruit and not with the hash browns and sausage?  Why would you not put a pan of scrambled eggs out?  Why would I have to stand in the omelet line for scrambled eggs?  Why does it take two "chefs" with 4-6 pans going at the same time over 7-10 minutes to make an omelet?  Why was I ignored after standing in line for an omelet?  Very disappointed, but willing to give this place another shot...but not anytime soon.
Wow! Totally slow. We waited over 45 minutes for soup? Asked multiple times for staff to check on our order and nothing came out. Service is awful!!
If I were to be in a relationship with carbs, our online status would say "it's complicated." Carbs are great and all, but I tend to make poor choices as to the quantity and frequency in which I indulge. In short, I need to be supervised. Cue Bethany E. She joined me for lunch here at Trattoria Italia to keep my carb intake in check. Long story short: we failed.\n\nEGGPLANT RIPIENI: This baked eggplant dish is similar to eggplant parmesan but without the breading of most versions. Vegetable, sauce, and cheese, served bubbling. Goes great with the garlic knots, and the portion is large enough to serve as an entree.\nMUSHROOM RISOTTO: Special dish of the day but delicious enough to deserve a spot on the menu. Giant portion, saucy and packed with a variety of mushrooms. I couldn't get enough of this. Awesome vegetarian entree, may be even better with chicken. \nORECCHIETTE: Little ears pasta, my fave. Chewy, tender, tiny pasta pieces. This version is tossed with a light oil, broccoli rabe, and a rave-worthy sausage. This portion was the largest of them all and could easily be split and shared. \n\nOur giant lunch was so filling and delicious that only a small late dinner was needed. The hefty portion of leftovers was helpfully escorted to Bethany's home rather than my own. Service was attentive without being intrusive, and location is cozy for a quiet date or ample catch-up conversation with friends. Looking forward to coming back for more!
This restaurant closed for a few days in Feb. 2016 for a remodel. They should close it again & put it back. The majority of the sushi is now gone & what's left isn't worth the cost. \n\nThe service has always been fairly mediocre, but for good food, we would always take our patience with us. \n\nBad food & bad service make this once regular joint for us a no go now.
Fun ambience \nGreat food! We enjoyed the tacos de pulpo (octopus tacos) and the tacos de pescado particularly ! The red sangria is so fresh and tasty!!!
Fantastic!! Who would suspect that this small local joint would be so good and delicious!\nThe atmosphere is laid back. The outdoor patio is awesome.  Nice view of the sky (sunset) and some trees for shading. Dogs welcome!!\n\nThe wait staff was very efficient and super nice.  Down to earth. Attentive. \n\nOur food was delicious.  Wasabi fires very tasty, not super hot - so don't be scared off.\nEdamame beans?  I think that's what they were called. So very good and natural. Just the\nright dusting of salt and spice. \nSkewered chicken and rice with roasted vegetables. Again, a wonderful blend of taste. \n\nI just stuck with the local beers.  But they had a list, I'll check out next time.  \n\nOverall, it is not overly priced. Too many spots in Lakewood are getting hoyty-toyty and upper - crusted over. Know what I mean?  We just want a nice place to hang out with good food that isn't always typical bar food. And decent beer prices with a choice if we want something better than average. \n\nThere was also a DJ. Not sure what type of music is usually played. But it was a little to hard for me - no metal please.
Imagine if you were Pakastani and you wanted to open a restaurant that would cater to the mainstream. You would make it trendy inside. You would offer a nice bar. You would hire American people as your servers. And you would make the food not so spicy. In essence, you would create the PF Chang's of Indian Food. You would give it an Indian sounding name like Tandoori TImes and remove any vestiges of Pakistan as Indian restaurants are better recognized and thus seen as a safer option among the mainstream.  Well, that's exactly what Tandoor Times is. \n\nBeing Indian, I prefer Indian food meaning I like all the grilled meat items but they better be able to make quality sabjis and vegetarian dishes too.  Tandoori Times is a Pakastani restaurant; it's not an Indian restaurant. It's almost the same but their dishes are different. Pakastani cuisine involves Tandoori items and grilled items. Their cooking style is less spicy and offers less cream in their dishes.  Indian (Punjani/North Indian) food involves Tandoor items as well in addition to vegetable dishes, more variety and types of curries and is spicier and more flavorful in general. If you are a non-vegetarian like myself, you can survive on the curries and the shish kebob and other meat items. However, when you taste their chaat, deserts and vegetarian sabjis, this restaurant clearly does not know what they are doing.  If you are vegetarian of Indian descent, you will be sorely disappointed.  Nothing against Pakastani cuisine but vegetarian dishes are not your forte much like curries and grilled options are not really a part of South Indian cooking.  \n\nThe food is on the mild side. Of course, if you ask them to make something hotter, they can but their food in general is not very spicy and is bland with the exception of some of their curries.  If you are a Non-Indian and you want to try Indian food for the first time, this would be a good place to start. If you are someone who has eaten quality Indian food and wants the real thing, avoid this place because this is as far from being the real thing as possible. \n\nThe service and ambience was quite nice. I think that's the real draw of this restaurant since most Indian restaurants have poor service and often a dirty or claustrophobic environment.  This is a trendy restaurant in old town Scottsdale that you could take a date to.  The service was good when we went there but at the same time the servers were pretty ignorant of the menu and didn't know a lot about Indian food.\n\nBeing Indian, this place was just a bunch of hype.  Yes, it was neat to see friendly American people serving Indian food since I'm used to Indian waiters who are abrupt and to the point.  I liked the ambience but the food was disappointing. Their palak paneer honestly tasted as if some non-Indian person decided to try and make it from a cookbook at home. It was not spicy nor was it cooked properly. Their malai kofta was not even malai kofta....let's put it that way.  I will say this, their Tandoori chicke was probably the best I've had in the valley and that's not suprising since Pakastani cooking involves meat and they know how to grill meat well but outside of their meat dishes, it was completely lackluster. \n\nThe bottom line is that if you are an Indian person or a person who is used to eating quality Indian food and you want honest to goodness quality INDIAN (not Pakastani) food, avoid this place.  If you are a non-Indian person wanting to check out Indian/Pakastani food and just want to have a good time, this place is for you.  Note, however that the prices are rather high for an Indian/Pakastani restaurant so you are paying for that ambience.
My husband and I were visiting from SoCal and wanted to try some local Mexican fare. It was happy hour but we chose to sit at a regular table. Jay, our server, was amazing. He pulled up a chair and spent time going over the taco ordering process and drink menu. I've had servers who have been attentive and patient with a newcomer, but Jay went above and beyond. He has the kind of personality that's fun and engaging but not over the top and pushy. NOTE: If you're expecting Cal/Mex taco experience, this is NOT the place. Nor should it be. We appreciated a Midwest spin rather than posing as something they are not. The Tuscan guacamole was awesome and I never expected pine nuts, sundried tomatoes and balsamic to taste so good on top of guac.  I had one bean and rice taco and one pulled pork taco. They were both delicious. I'll admit the flour tortillas were a little strange (we're accustomed to warm corn torts as a vessel) but Jay expertly explained that due to the nature of service, it just wasn't efficient to heat up corn tortillas as fast they would need them; however, he did offer to do this since we were there before the rush began. Also the tortillas they use are larger than your typical 6" corn tort and anything larger in corn is rare. So, thank you Jay, for making our Barrio maiden voyage so enjoyable!
Went for the gaming experience and it was okay. It's a lot smaller than the location on the strip. I do like how they've incorporated a card to swipe your credits now instead of actual tokens. But, it could use some improvements.
After a cold round of golf we snuggled up to a great bowl of chili and the most amazing pb&j.  The fresh lemonade was crazy good.  If that wasn't enough to get you in the door, the service was extremely nice and attentive to the needs of my kids.  We look forward to trying breakfast soon.
I have been to a large amount of lan centers/gaming cafes, but non like this. There was a lot of the same stuff in which you would see at other places, but the service itself really outshined any other place that I have been too. Dante made the experience something special with his knowledge of games and ability to assist with any questions my friend and I had. Truly an amazing experience.
Ambiance is just right. Service is just perfect. They genuinely want you to have a great dining experience. But the food....wow. So very good. From the breadsticks to the penne alla vodka, perfection. Glad to have authentic Italian in the neighborhood. The New Yorker in my house is quite picky. And he was very pleased.
This place has really gone downhill. I used to love coming here, but lately the service has been lacking. Yesterday was the last straw. We came in a little past lunch, so the morning rush was dying down. We waited 45 minutes for our food, and this was after asking the waitress where our food was at the 35 minute mark. All she said was, "Yeah,  I know, but we had so many take-out orders and big tables to serve" before walking away. THERE WERE ONLY 2 OTHER TABLES THERE AT THE TIME. The waitress faked an apology when we finally got our food, and by that point, I was pissed. It doesn't take 45 minutes to make an omelet wrap, eggs, hash browns and bacon. \n\nTerrible service. Never EVER going back, and I'll be sure to tell everyone to steer clear of Panagio's unless they want to wait almost an hour for eggs.
This small place offers a unique experience for ramen eating anime fans. The menu is simple - not much for gluten free options though. The service was quick and attentive. No worries on viewing the show. The are three large projections up on the wall for optimal viewing.
BEWARE!!! You will need to get reservations at least a week in advance cause this place is sooooo popular and tiny as well. One of the best fish tacos I've had in toronto and certainly authentic mexican food. The mexican corn was $9 and was not worth it at all but it was dammmmm good. This place can become quite pricy when things add up. We got 2 tacos, corn and beer which all came up to about $65 bucks. Its a great place none the less but I probably wont be coming back here for a while
We went here because a friend recommended it & we were completely satisfied! The staff were friendly, happy and efficient. We arrived for happy hour and as we were deciding on what to try we noticed the staff were cleaning all the chairs and tables thoroughly! The whole place is so clean and neat, which was a huge plus to my wife since she is OCD about cleanliness!\nWe tried the Spring rolls, Tootsie roll, Triple Threat roll & Rainbow roll. Since my wife had never had true (raw) sushi she was nervous, but she did nothing but rave about how good it was!\nWe also had an Obrien beer & an Ahasi(?) which was a nice change too.\nGreat service and the food was even better!\n\nIt's a must!
Thank you Shana for your awesome service and for helping me with the surprise cake for my daughter thank you. ..
Great food ! It was well presented and a great deal for the price , I recommend it ! No complaints rlly , service was good and everyone was polite .
Located in an old plaza across from Markville Mall, Kitchen M takes this notoriously oft-changing restaurant spot. I don't know whether it's the fact that this location doesn't get a lot of traffic because it's rather disconnected from anything else you might want to drop by for (the only other storefronts in this plaza are basically a Baskin Robbins & a private driving school) or because this place is somehow just cursed, but restaurants don't seem to stay in this spot for any longer than a year or two. \n\nKitchen M serves a mishmash of dim sum, Cantonese a la carte dishes, and some HK-style cafe items.  The food's OK.  Some of the dim sum dishes are quite large, so you get some bang for your buck.  The one standout item for me would be the deep fried milk egg custard buns. Otherwise, in perfect honesty I feel that everything else is take it or leave it.  Will Kitchen M succumb to the 1-2 year curse?
We have always been happy with the food here but the service has been consistently inconsistent. \n\nToday we sat down for a late lunch 2:30ish. The restaurant had patrons but was far from busy. There was a party of 3 at the next table. I noticed that 2 of the patrons were eating, one was not. \n\nWe waited awhile and after about 5 minutes a waiter "nearly" brought us water...then he realized he was at the wrong table and said he'd be right back with waters for us. \n\nWe watched somewhat amused, at staff moving very quickly around the restaurant but not carrying any food or anything else. After an indeterminate wait, the waiter returned but this time he was carrying a plate for the person at the table next to us (the one not eating)....the other 2 people were well past halfway through their lunches when this poor woman finally got her lunch. \n\nWe waited awhile longer, still seeing wait staff walking through other parts of the restaurant....eventually,  we decided we were invisible (although only two tables distant from the bar) and decided to leave. \n\nOn the way out I noticed that the "hostess" was busying herself at what looked liked a computer station across the restaurant, a waiter at the bar directly in front of our table appeared to organizing his receipts in a neat stack....no one noticed our departure.\n\nHaving said all of the above I can honestly say that in the past we have actually tasted the food and it was very good.The last time I was here the service was a little slow but we were acknowledged,  given menus and got our food (everyone was served at the same time).
The Steak &Cheese were first rate, lots of meat & cheese, good bread (ordered 2 large). The Smokehouse Cheedar was good but very heavy on BBQ sauce, so if you don't want a sandwich overwhelmed by  & dripping of BBQ Sauce I recommend you tell them to limit it or eliminate it. The sandwich was full of meat and otherwise excellent. The Oatmeal Raisin cookie is entirely too sweet for my taste....too much brown sugar in that recipe. \n\nI returned the next day. I tried the large Pastrami Sub, it was loaded with meat & cheese, but was also topped with a healthy helping of lettuce and tomatoes. \n\nUnfortunately, while the sandwich was very tasty (and filling!) I became ill a couple of hours latter and spent too much time in the restroom for the balance of the day. Since this was my only food for the day, the lettuce and tomatoes become suspect (since they were the only change to the sandwich I'd had the day before which was meat and cheese only).  The two other sandwichs were a repeat of the Steak & Cheese with onions and those guests, loved them and had no illness problems (neither sandwich comes with lettuce or tomatoes). \n\nIt's been good enough for me to return, but it'll be "meat & cheese only" from now on for me.\n\nThese subs are about $7.50 - $8.00 for a 12 inch. You really can't compare them to a Subway Footlong, since the Footlong is often $5 and the $2.50 - $3.00 additional cost at Firehouse should be expected to buy a better more meat/cheese filled sub (which it does).\n\nBTW, on my second visit, the very pretty cashier repeated my order back to me three times...incorrectly, I really expected something would be wrong when I received my food,  but in the end, she got it right :-).
I tried this place a long time back when urban eatery first opened up, and I remember not liking it... but recently, during one of my "i'm too lazy to cook dinner" runs, I mustered all my will power and walked past schezuan express (their placement close to the entry stairs, and the very appetizing aroma wafting right into my face makes it impossible for me to try much else in this food court!) and decided to give Amaya a second chance, plus i was jonesing for some curry. I got their combo deal, with two meat dishes - the beef vindaloo and coconut lamb curry, and the potato/cauliflower veggie dish and a plain naan to go with it all. All of that plus a soda came up to $18 - kind of ridiculous by food court standards, but then again urban eatery does not really fall into typical food court classification. \nOne bite into the food, and it came back to me very clearly why I didn't like this place the first time I tried it. I don't know how else to describe every dish than watery. Like literally watery, I almost feel like they were running low on their food, and decided to just add water to it. And usually I think Indian food is pretty hard to mess up - every Indian restaurant I have tried have all been average at the very least. Congratulations Amaya, you have defied the norms of food court prices and Indian food quality! \nNo, just NO. I will still with Schezuan Express next time, or try the other indian place at the food court across the street (below AMC yonge/dundas).
Kareem is why I keep coming back. Hello,'I love you. Most fun and the best drinks I have had ever, ever! See you in a month for my sister's bachelorette party!!
Great food! I have been twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. Service was great both times, so I'm not sure what the others are complaining about. They  have a few decent craft beers on tap as well so that's a bonus. The only thing I didn't quite like is the buns, which seem to fall apart creating a mess. The truffle fries are delicious.
Loved their donuts.  Fresh and delicious.  A staff member preparing the donuts had rubbed her fingers on her nose with gloves on and I asked her to change it before making our order.  Of course they're probably just teenagers and got an attitude sliding our donuts across the counter when it was done.  I believe the manager was on site but disregarded how her employees were doing.  If you work in a place where you are preparing something, I would recommend being aware of where your hands have been.  It's not very appetizing to see someone make your donuts after rubbing her nose.
tequila selection - AH-mazing\nguac and chips - couldn't be more flavourful\nburritos + tacos (brisket ones in particular) - UNIQUE and melt in your mouth orgasmic\n\nthis place makes missing NYC mexican food a little less overwhelming :)
Had fun when I came to visit from Los Angeles. However too many kids and most machines were out of order near the bar area.
FINALLY a place that isn't dedicated to sports. Yuzu has a unique atmosphere with a creative cocktail and food menu.  Teriyaki tuesdays are my favorite, the Yuzu fries are delicious.  They have a great selection of beers.  Prices are great. I cannot wait to try the Charlie Kelly cocktail next.
This place has a LONG way to go before it's worth the money, so I will spare them the one star review....for now. This location is about 1/3 the size of their others.  The Seattle location puts this place to shame.  We got two hours of free play, but half the games were not working.   I paid $54 for 400 credits for future use.  The menu looks appetizing, but way too expensive.  I got one draft beer and it was $7!  The best part of this location?  It is right across the sidewalk from Yard House.  We will likely use GameWorks as entertainment for our kids while my wife and I hit happy hour at Yard House.  Unless they come up with a happy hour with major discounts, I will never buy food or drink here.  Without drastic improvements this location will become the hangout for kids waiting for their movie at AMC, and that will mean once my 400 credits run out, my card will be permanently filed in the circular canister.
This is my new favorite place! I had a last minute birthday dinner with my friends and family here, I called around 5 Pm to make a reservation for 10 at 7 PM and they were super friendly and set it up right away. When we walked in at 7 PM, our spot was ready for us, we didn't have to wait at all. The food here is amazing! Every single dish we ordered was delicious! I've been back at least 3 times after my birthday and the service and food is always on point!
FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! Whoever invited the maple bacon donut is WICKED GENIUS!!!!! \n\nMr. Scott was so nice to me when I told him I had never been there for. He suggested so many options and I'm so grateful for that. Great customer service goes along away ! \n\nIf you're in the area or even just in Charlotte, NC stop by Duck's for a delicious treat
Came here with a colleague.\n\nSoup was thin and salty, not enough noodles.  So disappointing.  Waste of time.  Waste of money.  Without a doubt the worst pho I have ever had.
Love this place! It is tiny, so definitely make a reservation. But, the atmosphere and food is great!\n\nWe've been here a couple of times, and our favourite dish is the burrito. This thing is HUGE, but I actually managed to eat all of it. It is stuffed to the brim with deliciousness, and then topped with different sauces. I couldn't tell you what the sauces are, but it's magic. The homemade chips are salty, crunchy and fresh, and make an awesome pair to the homemade guacamole. \n\nOn our first visit, I had the ancho braised short rib brisket crispy tacos, and I wasn't a fan at all. The filling was really heavy, with no citrus or acidic flavour to contrast. The tacos were also soggy, and I couldn't eat them with my hands. We will definitely be returning for the burritos!
I have nothing but wonderful things to say about Bampot. It's amazing in so many different ways.\n\nBampot's selection of board games is like it's selection of teas: vast and awesome.\n\nThey have their board games split up into sections (strategy, casual, etc.), and in your menu will come a sheet with the board games listed into sections, with the average playtime per game listed, too. Since Bampot is brand new, the board games are too! I broke open seasons to find that the game hadn't been played yet since the cards were still in their packages! No ratty old board games here!\n\nThe cover fee to play board games is $5 if you don't eat, $3 if you do.\n\nThere are, I believe, over 70 different teas you can try here. I'm not a big tea person, but I sipped some of my friends teas (apple mint, and faerie's blood), and they were both delicious (especially the faerie's blood, which is steeped with not only the tea but fresh fruit also.) Many of the teas also have free refills :)\n\nThey have a non-tea menu for people like myself, with items like Maple Milk & Hot Chocolate. I paid about $3 for not just a cup but a POT of DELICIOUS hot chocolate - some pretty great value there.\n\nThe food kicks some serious butt too. I gorged on Poutine SOUP (yep, it IS as amazing as it sounds), Chocolate Strawberry Cake (chocolatety, decadent, delicious), and a yummy yummy "posh" cheese board.\n\nThe staff are extremely nice, they are happy to chat, help you wade through the giant tea menu, provide both tea and board game reccomendations, and more.\n\nThe decor is also cozy and adorable. It gives off the feeling of playing board games and/or enjoying some tea in a friend's living room.\n\nThere is also shisha available, a Monday Night Craft Circle, and other events in the works.\n\nI can't wait to come back. I will definitely be returning. What a gem!
I love plain cheese pizza. I love a crunchy yet soft crust, good melty cheese, and a not-too-sweet sauce. Napoli had all three, but where they fell short, which surprised me, was the taste of the crust, it was way too salty. I don't know if it was because it went bad or they didn't measure the salt correctly but I was very disappointed. I loved everything else about the pizza so I hope this was a one-time thing. I will give them another chance but I will buy a single slice next time instead of a whole pie.
Decent food served hot. Small, but not cramped. Best in Gastonia, way better than NY hibachi next door.
For a Saturday night dinner, I was looking for something interesteing to eat, rather then the usual Bar/American food found in Liberty Village.\nI started going through the usual paces, what to eat, what to eat...\n\nThai...been there done that...too many times.\nSushi...its getting cold..i want something warm and tasty\nMexican! - I loooove Mexican, from the burrito boys, the big fat, to the sit downs, its all good in this belly.\n\nSo mexican it is.\nWe usually hit up Milagro on Queen, but I thought its time for a change.\nAfter reading the reviews we hit up Playa Cabana and I'm glad we did.\nAwesome little restaurant.\n\nThe place: \nNice and cozy\n\nService: \nQuick and attentive\n\nFood: \nWicked! Everything was fresh and flavorful.\nFor starters we got the Ceviche - it was haddock that night - so tasty\nMy entree was the Surf and Turf burrito - with steak and shrimp. covered in some tomato and green sauce. soooo good\nMy gf got the Short Rib/Brisket tacos..they had fried taco shells - sooo tasty.\n\nThings I wanted to try but couldn't: \n-Fresh guacamole - they allow you to choose your spice level.\n-every burrito and taco available on the menu\n\nand all of this was much more affordable then Milagro.\n\nI will definitely return.
My go to for authentic delicious Pho. I normally order Pha Ga. Other restaurants Pho Ga has abnormally dry chicken, but not Pho Noodles. Their chicken is tender and moist, and their broth is insanely delicious. Their staff is very friendly, accommodating, immensely quick and the restaurant itself is very clean. I only have one complaint; I wish they would have some music playing. It doesn't have to be loud, but I think it would create a fun atmosphere.
I have never been to a GameWorks, so I'm not sure what I was expecting. \n\nIt is unlike other gaming lounges in that they don't integrate the gaming, food and bar areas very well. They have a defined bar and restaurant area that is pretty much empty every time I've ever passed through and then there is a small gaming floor with a mixture of ticketed gaming machines for kids and other video game machines. \n\nI think if they had spread this area out a bit more there would be more room to move around and enjoy the games. It was overly crowded and there weren't too many games that looked worth the time and money to play. The only ones that did were packed and had long waits.\n\nThere are so many improvements that could be made here to make it better.
Best donuts I have ever hard. 5 stars. There is usually always a line out the door, but other than that you can bet this place is worth trying. Good coffee too.
If they rendered the old grease from Mr. Chicken and used it to fuel an RTA bus, there'd be some grubber fat chick from Twinsburg Heights chewing on the tailpipe grunting and carrying on about how good it is. What could you do? She'd be right. It's that good.\n\nMr. Chicken is awesome and greasy and classy and old school and you can get fries there you can't even figure out how they got that way but they taste good. And the chicken? Fried. Awesome. You'd do well to gnaw on some of it in your car or sitting at the curb looking out at the traffic.\n\nYou can't even argue with Mr. Chicken. If you were Mrs. Chicken, even then you'd have to agree with him all the time. He's a little old and rundown but he knows his chicken and it tastes like it ought to taste from a place like this.\n\nAwhile back, at the end of the night Mr. Chicken would bag up the extras and sell it to families that were down on their luck. People would sit in junker cars and then there was a sort of unwritten set of rules on how you scored the chicken they were going to throw away. Now they just throw it away. It's easier that way. \n\nThey ought to make awesome greasy chicken salad with it. Maybe some grapes in there. And walnuts. Something for the suggestion box. Or fry up the skin as a tapas. I tell you, wasting that much food is a sin. The maggots are eating too well out here.\n\nBut that doesn't mean their chicken isn't good. It tastes good and you can order all kinds of dark meat or white meat and it all gets tossed into some wild pressure fryer which infuses each piece with enough hot oil to insure that it can't be dry and it will weep grease in your fridge which goes well with a late night beer or if you're daring a Pepto-tini which is equal parts cherry flavored pepto bismol and Grey Goose, shaken.\n\nI can't say enough about Mr. Chicken.
Good live music, friendly and attentive staff in a nice atmosphere. Lots of food choices for a burger place. Especially tasty was the barbecue sauce and tuna on nicoise salad.
Had a great smoked deli meat sandwich. Came with thick-cut fries (perfectly fried), coleslaw and half pickle. Super friendly and quick service. Would definitely go again!
First time here and it was super clean and super fresh.  Ordered Pho and it was on point! Will be making more visits for sure.
9pm.Tues nite.. Hint!  hardly any of the games work....machines are always broken, old old junk and a waste of time. Close down or upgrade  pls.....Go to back,to eat. wait 4 mins., no employees, sit down for another 5 mins. no employees....they have deserted the restaurant.   I give up.   save me pls. from Gameworks.   restuarant could care less if you are there or not. Stop hiring kids...They don't care.
Great menu, delicious food and an amazing view of the city. Definitely an unexpected treat at a museum and botanical garden. Great kids menu too.
Family owned. Excellent service. Excellent food. Excellent prices. I've had the meatball sub, lasagna, and several desserts; everything has been great. By far the best Italian restaurant in the area.
Friday afternoon lunch. Yummy food, great service. The waitress saw us having problems with decision making and so she took her time to explain our options and helped us figure out what to get. We ended up with two split lunch specials and garlic and regular naan.\nWe ate lamb vindaloo, gobi manchurian, navratan korma, and chicken jalfrizi. Plus some awesome daal! \nAmazing lunch! Nicely decorated and clean dining area, outstanding service, scrumptious food.
Our family ordered online for pick up. Fresh food and on time as promised when ordering. The chicken sandwich, fries and kids meal were delicious! The only sad part about this meal was our bacon cheeseburger. The flavor was completely missing, and the meat itself was really small.
5 stars every time.  Fish, Shrimp, Burgers.  All ridiculous.  Chico seems like a great guy.  Friendly staff.  Amazing bar food.  Amazing.
I went to Charr for the second time. I was with my father who lives in nearby Moon Valley. He was eager to try Charr after a neighbor recommended it. It was a complete failure. \n\nGOOD NEWS: burgers now come with side of  fries for the same price. \n\nBAD NEWS: The service was horrible. We just ordered burgers. I had the Carolina (with bbq sauce ON THE SIDE) he ordered the Phoenix burger. In only a few minutes our food was brought out by a someone from the kitchen. They asked, "who had the Carolina?" and set the plate in front of me when I responded and then gave the other burger to my father. \n\nMy burger had BBQ on it (not on the side as I ordered) had it came on the side I would not have touched it. My fathers burger was just a plain cheese burger. We figured that we got someone else' order as it came out so fast. My father told the waitress about his lack of "Phoenix" in his burger and she went to the kitchen before I could get to my BBQ sauce issue or our theory of it being for a different table. Someone came from the kitchen and took the "Phoenix" burger away and came back 20-30 seconds later with roasted pepper on it and left. We got the waitress again to say that it still didn't have the chipotle mayo and she left immediately to get some despite me trying to tell her about the bbq burger I did not want. \n\nWe told the waitress when she came back with the mayo that my burger had bbq on it and not on the side, but rather than having them recook my burger (they took my burger away but left my father to eat his) we just abandoned the meal. Also we never got flatware and/or napkins the entire time. \n\nOverall we spent 3 or 4 times longer trying to get our servers attention and get the order fixed (not including time it would take to fix mine had we stayed) than it took to get the food after we ordered. \n\nWe are not picky eaters nor complainers. But they failed to do accommodate our one simple request (no bbq) and also simply forgot two components (the only two things that make it a "Phoenix" burger rather than a cheese burger) on another and made it a circus trying to fix them rather than just simply scrap the two burgers and remake them again correctly. \n\nThe whole experience made me think that they just did not give a s**t. Little to no effort by the waitress and how can a kitchen claim they make great burgers if their solution to missing components it just to add them several minutes after they serve the food.
Nice place to hang out. Lots of great drinks to try for reasonable price. The food was very good, but beware if you're not a fan of spicy food the menu will seem limited. Will go again for sure!
I went to dinner with my boyfriend on Valentine's Day. \nThe Owner and waiters were really nice and friendly. \nThey served bruschetta and The appetizer was fried calamari . Taste so good. \nAnd the risotto went with veggies and meat also very nice. Tuna was cooked medium and very fresh very juicy. \nThe dessert we had chocolate soufflé I really loved it because it's Not very sweet but yummy. \nIt's a little pricy but we really enjoyed it and had a good time. I will go back to there again.
First off, the welcome to the hotel was tepid, at best. There was a guy at the counter who was more impressed with the attractive blonde who had ALREADY checked in, but kept coming back for things for the guy to get her, while everyone else waited. Other front desk people were busy doing... something. Never figured out what. Finally a young woman came over to check me in. She had an interesting accent, which I couldn't place, and was at times hard to understand, but overall, she was good at her job. The room... hmmmm... sketchy is a good word. Dated decor, thin walls (I was watching food network and someone pounded on the wall to get me to turn it down. It was already at low volume, and it was food network... not a reconstruction of the Sharon Tate Murder case... Back to the review... the fascia on the tub was peeling back from the tub; the shower curtain did not reach all the way across the tub; there were sketchy hairs on the counter and in the tub. Bring lysol if you decide to stay here. I also had to call for towels. I was there for only one night, so I could deal. What I could NOT deal with was the lack of internet connectivity. They tell you upon check-in that there is free internet in the lobby/bar/restaurant. What they FAIL to tell you is it is restricted. You can only access Sheraton pages free of charge. Browsing at leisure carries a $12.95 surcharge for 24 hours. FAIL. I can get free internet in a 1-star hotel! I will be back in the area, but will stay across the parking lot at a competing hotel chain. I will say the service at the bar was excellent. I ordered an appetizer, which was very bad, but being hungry I ate it anyway. There were two wedding parties at this hotel the weekend I was there. I feel VERY sorry for the wedding party and guests. The lobby had overflowing trashcans, and something wet on the floor. The lobby restroom was a huge mess: paper towels everywhere, water on the floor, toilet didn't flush... Unless this is the only choice you have, avoid this place.
My first time eating here. I won't be coming back. The worst service ever!!! I love eating out and do it often. If I pay $12.00 for a burger I expect great service and great food. I got neither! I can't emphasize enough how bad the service was!!! I will be sure to tell people to steer clear of this place!!!
Came in for the lunch buffet since my old favorite Indian Paradise closed. It's pricey and has less items, but what they have is delicious and I had three plates. Total with tax comes to $15.28. Buffet menu changes daily. I might not be back on a regular basis. The fourth star was hard-earned. Almost gave 3 but it was very delicious.
Best breakfast sammy in Vegas.  The service is great, the staff is friendly and there is a nice split between the bar area and the dining room.\n\nSmall complaints: They have a shuffleboard game (YES) but they don't have any sawdust on it (Noooo) and it has a nifty tilt to it (Noooooo!).  Aw well, we still had fun playing on the salt covered table, sipping cocktails and enjoying the best breakfast sandwich (awesome potatoes too!!!).\n\nI've had a couple other items here as well, but I keep coming back to that damn breakfast sandwich...
Pink Floyd and David Bowie as music background in a mind-relaxing tea house is just unique. Close your eyes and relax.
What a lazy barista! The condiment station was trashed. She refused to make more simple syrup. Funny that she wasn't too busy to count her tips. She seemed so unhappy!!! Worst java joint and such a shame since it's one of the only places in town. Need a Starbucks!!!!
Warm delicious famous donuts! Have tried the one in Kill Devil Hills and Cary, and both great. Nice owners and managers at each. If in a town they are, give them some business.
This restaurant changed ownership about 1 year ago.  It's like night and day.  Improvement at every level. I am very impressed.
I love the milkshakes here,the burgers are good,and the waitstaff are friendly and hard-working and trying their best to do a good job-I also enjoy the bright decor which makes me feel like I'm on vacation-Unfortunately the management here seems to be inefficient and unconcerned about improving the slow service and chronic mistakes on orders-I have been eating inside several times a week recently and something is ALWAYS wrong-After being seated at a dirty table and served tea that was undrinkable-AGAIN!-I complained to the manager,only to be told the tea urns were supposed to be cleaned on the night shift so he wasn't responsible-LIKE I CARE!-It's easy to see why service is so slow and so many mistakes are made on the orders with such an aloof attitude from management-Just abysmal.
This place is way larger than it looks! Even though it was very crowded, we ordered drinks at the bar and only had to wait around 40 minutes or so. The waiter was average; he was kind of absent-minded and forgot a few things, but all the other people that dropped off chips were really helpful and friendly. The bartender was fast and efficient, and the draft list is extensive. \n\nI went with the chef recommendations and tried the Taco with a soft shell AND hard shell. It was fantastic! I was impressed by the texture and all the different flavors combining into this tasty taco. It wasn't spicy either, which is perfect for me because I can't handle spice at all. Love this new location! I'll definitely be back.
Food was not bad My issue with this place is the so called daily special It was a Tiesday & I ordered the Chicken Madras which in the menu featuring the specials was 7.49 Beside this menu was the regular menu showing Chicken Madras at 8.85 When I got to the cash I was asked if it was the "regular" or the "special" i asked what the difference was & she explained what the regular comes within addition to the entree Seems to me for the small diffrrence in price the regular should be the special as it seems to come with a lot more for a small difference. To call the dish I took the Special seems very misleading if not in fact dishonest. Like I said the food quality & quantity is not the issue & my dish was probably 3.5 stars
The food is good, nothing amazing, but holy for the breakfast deal of $5 I am COMPLETELY IMPRESSED! I'll be back for more.
I miss Yiu Wah Restaurant but this replacement isn't too bad. The place was full, the food was fine and the cart ladies were very pleasant.
What kind of a burger place is out of all kinds of bacon? Come on. Burger was decent. Not the best or worst I've had. Fries were okay.
Ok food. Terrible service. Our appetizers and main courses arrived before our drinks!  It was very obvious we were being rushed out. We could have saved $100 bucks and eaten at Mucho Burrito.
Located a couple blocks east of Spadina and Dundas. Came here on a Friday for a dim sum lunch. Restaurant was about 80% full around noon. Restaurant is spacious and took little time to get a table for 6 people. Decor is better than most dim sum restaurants in downtown Chinatown.\n\nWhat's great about Dim Sum King is they still offer push cart service which not many new dim sum restaurants offer. Being able to see and smell all the wonderful dim sum passing by our table really adds to the experience and helps in deciding which items to order.\n\nTheir weekday lunch special is $2.80 for small/medium/large. They also have extra large dim sum which costs more. I enjoyed all the items we ordered especially the squid tentacles and beef ribs.\n\nWill definitely come back again for some more dim sum. Price is good and quality is better than most places.
Food is good. The staff is very diligent. Recommended if you are looking for a good buffet.
While traveling down Saint Catherine Street we wandered upon Don Taco and decide to try out this little hole in the wall since we are in the mood for some Mexican food.\n\nWalking into the restaurant we didn't have high expectations for the overall quality, but after dining here I have to give it to them and say that they are pretty decent. \n\nWe ended up getting cow tongue tacos which were delicious and since it came with a combination of rice and beans we paid very little for a really filling meal. The beans were a little watery and the rice wasn't the most flavorful but overall the food was really great and the service here was great as well. \n\nHaving a wife who is part Mexican can sometimes lead to some heated discussions around good Mexican food and I have to say that she enjoyed the meal which was a surprise for the middle of Canada.
I looked online and ordered two things that should have totaled around $10..... somehow it magically turned into $19 when I went to pick it up. No idea what happened there. But they also have a no carb option sushi roll but refused to make any other sushi roll without rice. (The no rice one was $12) in not paying $12 for SIX pieces of sushi. Next time I'll just skip this place and go to a real Chinese or Japanese restaurant bc this was a RIP OFF.
I love this place!  The food, the friendly staff, the overal ambiance of the place- it's all spot on.  It's a great place to go to grab a bite to eat and/or a drink with friends and just relax.  \n\n For the true American man who like to sit on the couch and watch some good old fashioned TV while they eat, they've got TV's everyehere and couches, yes i said that correctly, COUCHES as well as arm chairs with detchable trays. Or if you're just looking for somewhere to bunker down with some friends for a couple hours to watch your favorite teams on a big screen with a few beers then this is the place for you.  They have couches and beer bongs.  Need i say more?\n\nFor us women out there that might be looking for a little more ambiance than big screens and couches in our dinner plans, they've also got regular tables, booths and outdoor patio seating where you can just sit, chat and take in the awesome food and decor.  They have 2 huge, awesome fireplaces- one in door and one out door that are just beautiful to take in.The sayings on the walls are hilarious so take a second to read them all (my personal favorite is "I drink to make other people more interesting"  ;-)), there is framed underwear outside the restroom doors (a thong indicating the women's room and boxers indicating the men's room) and just in case that all wasn't great enough- there is a little bit of framed eye candy in the restrooms as well.  Don't worry it's nothing graphic that you would want to hid your childrens eyes from, but just enough to put a smile on your face ;-)  \n\nThe food is really quite good- kind of like bar fare with a little bit of a high end twist- and it really works.  I've been there 4 or 5 times, have had something different everytime, and have yet to be disappointed.  The drinks are awesome as well.  I highly reccomend the "Bee's Knees" if you're into mixed drinks- it's a bit sweet so you'll probably only want to do one or 2 of them but frankly, that's all most people have with dinner anyways so it's perfect. \n\nAnd for those of you that were concerned with the waitress' dress code... that is a non-issue anymore.  They have standard clothes on these days so no need to shy away from coming back.\n\nMy only 2 complaints would be that I wish they had some more healthy options on the menu.  And once they address that, they should move closer to my house ;-)
It's a Chinese Buffet and I'm comparing it only to other Chinese buffets. It's one of the best I've been to. \n\nThe food was hot, fresh and delicious. The selection is great and always changing from visit to visit. The food is constantly being replenished. Take out is charged by the pound. They do have menus if you are so inclined. The seating area atmosphere was VERY nice, and the furnishings were well above any other buffet I've seen. Everything was clean! The service is great. \n\nIt is priced at $7.99 at lunch and $10.99 dinner per person for adults. There is an ample selection of hot, fresh food, as well as a Mongolian style buffet where you add ingredients for the chef to make you teriyaki, hibachi or garlic dishes while you watch. The sushi is always full and they are making in fresh right there. Don't compare it to your favorite sushi place... it's a buffet.
My friend and I were recently at the Springs Preserve for the Vegas Gone Yoga festival and we decided to check out this cafe while on a lunch break. I liked that they had a variety of different vegetarian friendly options and the outdoor seating area was beautiful. When you walk in you place your order at the counter and they bring it out once it's ready.\n\nFor food I decided to go with the garden sliders and a side salad. The sliders were not really a veggie patty, but more of a veggie mush. I wish they would have been more patty like, but overall the flavor was still good. (3.5/5) The salad was also a nice touch, very fresh.\n\nThis is definitely a nice option for a lunch break at the park with some beautiful scenery.
Pros: - scrumptious guacamole!!! - excellent service by Hally our waitress - nice atmosphere - nice music -good food for the most part - pricing mostly reasonable - bean/corn lettuce salad was refreshing - carne asada was tasty but too spicy, octopus tacos were tasty. \n\nCons: - seating way too tight, table for 2 is literally like a sardine box! No where to put our plates of food, water... seating was a real nuisance for us! - chorizo app was too salty and super spicy, drenched with sauce - pinto beans were too dry - I asked if I can have a "naked" taco with rice instead of the taco shell, they refused saying they couldn't offer me that. That's odd, considering they have rice on their menu.
The ony thing i could think of was the same level of disappointment that i had when i visited the new wet n wild location last year... What is with these companies closing their locations down and making locals wait years for a new establishment that has less to offer than their previous location? Terrible way to earn your old customers back. Seems like a trend happening in Vegas and its really doing bad for tourism when all the companies are just penny-pinching and reopening shitty locations. Dont reopen if you can't deliver!
I love this place. I probably eat here once a week (eat in or take out) and it's great. \n\nEveryone is so friendly and helpful here, the atmosphere is great and the price is right too. \n\nIf you're in LV and want some sushi then I recommend trying this place out!
Although the food is great, the service is just too slow.  We stepped inside the door and about five employees saw us and not one acknowledged us.\n\nI am not coming back here.
It has been over a decade I'm pretty sure since I've been to this place.  It's been so long I honestly didn't even remember what the building looked like on the inside or out.  The place has a real 80's-90's feel to it.  It's really not easy to explain.  It almost feels like I went back in time coming here even though I didn't really have a good recollection of ever being here, I have been here a good number of times.  The inside sort of looks like it's been around for a while, not to say it's not clean or worn down but rather it just has a nostalgic feel to it, kind of how I felt going into La Belle Province in Montreal for the first time.  \n\nAnyway the menus looked like they haven't been changed in a while either.  Why bother changing anything if you have a good thing going right?  I had brought my friends who had never been as well as my wife and we had ordered each different sandwiches while my friends ended up splitting a super corned beef.  I had ordered the super pastrami and my wife had the super Montreal smoked meat.  Super is basically a larger sandwich with cole slaw and fries (I think).  Either way the plates were only 13 bucks a piece which is not bad considering you are eating a huge sandwich.  \n\nWhile I had plenty to eat already my wife as usual couldn't finish hers and I was more than happy to oblige.  The food was good and the prices were reasonable as well.  While they also have Montreal style pizza here I think if I return I'm always coming back for the sandwiches though.
My favourite place for pho in Toronto. Always busy but always fast service. If you want authentic, delicious pho, this is the place you need!
I visited PC on my weekend vaca to Toronto from Chicago. I hate to say anything bad about a restaurant, but the food was not very good:(\n\nI started with guacamole and chips (which was pretty good actually) then I had the fish tacos at the recommendation of my waitress. Unfortunately they were bland and didn't have good favor at all. I asked for the short rib tacos instead. Those were also bland with no flavor:(\n\nI ended up leaving (still hungry). In PC's defense, I live in Chicago and we have Amazing Mexican food so perhaps it was a high bar I was measuring them against. \n\nPS. The staff was really friendly and they had decent drinks, hence the 3 stars.
I have a love-hate relationship with barrio. When the food is good, it is wonderful. When they're off the food is definitely off. I do not like that they do not take reservations I do not like waiting in the long lines. And I find that most often it is very loud which I found to be uncomfortable. I definitely never try to go here before any Cavs game because there's no way you will be able to eat unless you arrive three hours ahead of time. I think for what it is, barrio is pretty average. This average food does not necessitate the wait .  My last visit was very mediocre. It's not that I wouldn't dine there again, I just won't go out of my way for it.
I discovered this restaurant in another life and it has been a part of me ever since. I used to live in Scottsdale and I would come at least once every week. The food is unreal - truly. I've tried nearly every Indian restaurant in the valley and while others may be good, they just don't compare, so I drive from Chandler to get my fix. \n\nMy favorites:\n-Tandoori chicken wings\n-Chicken Makhani\n-Lamb Korma\n-Garlic Naan\n\nDo yourself a favor and don't settle for less. Come to Tandoori times. Nom nom.
Beau petit bijou qui a poussé récemment dans le quartier! Bons sandwiches variés, poutines qui mélangent terroir et saveurs exotiques (coréen, antillais, etc). S'apparente davantage à une sandwicherie et donc n'a que quelques places assises. Ils font la livraison. Super petite place qui a de l'avenir, je recommande!
This local Vietnamese Noodle restaurant has become popular in our neighborhood since it opened. The food is excellent, creatively done and better than in other such places, the service is good, the quantities are very large and the prices are very reasonable. \n\nWe have been there twice around lunch time but the hours are early to late. We will be there tonight with a friend. Highly recommended.
I was extremely surprised and pleased with my visit to Duck Donuts! It was a very creative place that I have never experienced elsewhere. I had so much fun creating my own donut and I would give it 5 stars for the taste! Even having the donut serve warm took it to the next level and I definitely will return to make a new creation again!
Used them for delivery and I was highly upset with the overall experience. Looked at their menu to order crab cakes and pork tenderloin. I get a call to advise me they are out of pork tenderloin. So I order their ribs. I asked if everything else is okay and they said yes but told me the ribs cost $3 more (they could of waived that). Then 5 minutes later I get a call stating they are out of crab cakes. Again 5 minutes ago I asked if everything else was okay.  First it took over an hour for my food to get delivered Then I get my ribs (not even what I originally wanted ) and I would say I was and am very underwhelmed. This will be my first and last time I would eat at Charr unless they can pull a rabbit out of their hat.
GeeBee's breakfast sangwich is to die for. Breakfast Potatoes are awesome. Service is great, never too crowded, flys under the radar. Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
My favorite pizza in Pittsburgh. Competing against the two other anchoring pizza joints on Murray Ave, Napoli's by far wins. They provide a richer cheese and more of it on top of an actual doughy and crispy crust. Both of Napoli's competition fall short with too much grease and a plastic tasting crust, where it can be replicated with frozen pizza.  \n\nIn contrast, Napoli's Pizza provides an authentic red or white pizza with generous toppings from crispy pepperoni, rich bacon, hearty mushrooms, juicy spinach, to spicy banana peppers.\n\nAesthetically, Napoli's is a pizza joint with the same green booths one would expect to find in a "little Italy," creating a small, friendly and cozy familiarity between the pizza makers and customers. At lunch, this place is packed with customers buying pizza by the slice, ordering fried zucchini, and munching on toasted hoagies. \n\nIf you're not up for sitting-in, delivery is always a quick and available option. The pizza is always delivered pipping hot and fast.
If you need to plan any type of party then GameWorks needs to be your choice.  If you want a bowling party forget the casinos bowling centers get to GameWorks.  Contact Jonathon and he will get you taken care of. \n\nA huge shout out to Don and Adrian who took care of us.  I had another corporate event at GameWorks and of course it was awesome.  Great staff!
Day of the week: Thursday\nTime: ~18:00 EST\n\nI made an OpenTable reservation with my friend for 5:30 PM; my friend was running late, so I got to push the reservations until 6:00 PM.  When I entered the restaurant, the server knew right away that I was the one that made the reservation and quickly sat us.\n\nThe waiters and waitress was absolutely awesome.  They quickly brought us water and told us about the specials that they had that day.  I ordered the seafood fettucine and my frien had the prix-fixe menu (salad, 8 oz. steak, and chocolate cake for $25).  The fettucine was superb: surprisingly quite a lot of seafood and sauce in the noodles.  \n\nI also ordered a white chocolate, blueberry strudel for dessert.  I enjoyed how the tangy taste of the bluberries compimented the white chocolate; however, sometimes, the white chocolate overpowered the blueberries and got a tad too sweet.\n\nAmbiance was great.  Small little restaurant, but I loved it.  Wasn't really feeling for an eclectic, large restaurant; so this was absolutely perfect.\n\nOverall though, great experience at Alize.  Will defintiely come back again!
Always really delicious donuts and friendly staff.  So good that there is sometimes a line out the door and into the parking lot!
Absolutely great service, server was very patient when explaining the sauces on the table! Tacos were super yummy, will be back
Heard great things about this place so we had to try it out. When our salads arrived, my husband immediately stopped chewing and pulled a shard of glass from his mouth! We looked through our salad plates and found broken slivers of glass throughout. We told the waitress who did not apologize. The manager never came to the table, our meal was not comped and we were charged full price. I called later and spoke with a manger who said "yeah, I heard about that... Crazy". Do NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO EAT BROKEN GLASS.
Stopped for takeout and picked up yellowtail nigiri and a princess roll.  The staff were polite and my food was ready on time. The restaurant looks clean as did the kitchen from what I could see. The sushi was fresh but portions very small. The roll was actually tiny in diameter. Not much food for more than $20. I won't be back.
I was super impressed with the service received at crazy mocha. Sybil was the staff member who did exceptional work and went above and beyond to help me. I would definitely return.
Dropped my fork at new location on Hualapai Way. While we didn't need a reservation, due to a large party (20+) if we had arrived any later we would have had to wait or sit at the bar.  Since the bar looked nice, had plenty of seating and had one plasma tv, the bar would have been acceptable.\n\nAtmosphere in the room was very nice: upscale but unpretentious.\n\nWe were brought bread which was ok, but nothing special. Skipping the appetizers this evening, we jumped right into the main event:\n\nA bow tie pasta with garlic and eggplant dish: Nothing extraordinary but edible. Would we get it again? No.\n\nA double bone veal chop with roasted potatoes (special): This was excellent! The veal chop was perfect and the potatoes were just crispy enough to make me want more.\n\nDessert: The Spumoni Pie looked tempting but was a little disappointing.  The cream puffs, however, were outstanding and should be a featured item. \n\nService: Could have been better. Slow and not very attentive. Perhaps partially due to the large party, but definitely could use some improvement.\n\nWill we go back? Despite the mixed reviews, we will be back to try another pasta dish, possibly get the veal chop again if available, but definitely to get the cream puffs. The restaurant is also known for fresh seafood, which needs to be tried (and reviewed here).
We went to Firehouse Subs for the first time, today, at this location. \nBRAD was our cashier. Brad was very knowledgeable of the entire menu, has a sweet personality that shone beyond, what could be perceived as an intimidating, outer shell and a warm welcoming smile. \nShe got the Hook And Latter, which looked only ok but was one of the best subs I've ever tasted in my life (The sauce with the melty Monterey jack and the warm deli thin heaping layer of meat on the cold ripe tomatoes and perfect amount of very thinly shredded lettuce within the warm white bread....OH! The Bread! The bread was the best part of the sandwiches. This is the most delish of all chain hoagie breads EVER! Hands Down. Must have.) and I had the meatball, which looked SO good but the sauce and balls highly lacked in seasoning. It had Italian seasoning but that was all. I need some onion flavor, some garlic flavor, a little heat, something MORE. I wish I would have gotten what she got. We were so impressed with Brad that I will return to this location but next time I'm ordering a different sandwich.
Was here for my nephew's wedding, this was the dinner following the rehearsal.  The staff as outstanding and super friendly.  Two great young ladies, to handle a room or 24 people and they did it with a smile.   The food was delicious.  I ordered sushi, but also got to pick from the wife's plate of Stir Fry, and both were spot on. I am sure as we visit my sis more and more, we will make a point of visiting here often.
This place is buzzing for good reasons. The tacos were unique and delicious. The decor is super trendy and this location is closer to east side suburbs than the others. However I probably won't be back for several reasons or I'll at least wait until the hype dies down.\n\nMy first problem with Barrio is the fact that it was packed when I went on a Saturday around 6pm. We had to wait for 45 minutes for a table and then were there for close to 3 hours between ordering, eating and then waiting for our server to get back to us. Seriously they need to hire more staff! The other thing to note about the employees is that the host and hostess were so unfriendly. They might have been overwhelmed by the amount of ppl but it was such an unwelcoming vibe to walk into.\n\nThe food was not the best taco experience I've had in my life but it was solid. We got free chips and salsa from the beginning which is always nice, I hate places that make you pay for it and we got several refills of our chips for free too. We ended up ordering the jalepeno queso which was basically a plain queso with some fried jalepenos on top and it was just okay. \n\nThe actual tacos were very flavorful and filling and we liked the fact that you could build your own or choose from the chef created versions. It is nice that you order by filling out an order form and then handing it over to your waiter but then it also makes me think like what is the point of having a waiter in the first place. \n\nIn terms of pricing, this place is way overpriced. Each taco is between 3-4$ and certain extras bring that price up even higher. Everything is a la cart which I personally am not a fan of. Like I said though, the food was decent but for all of the negatives I can't see myself becoming a regular. In the end the total for 3 people without drinks was $65 and for me that is too much for a taco.
Brought 2 cakes here early Sept.\n\n(1) Black Forest \n(2) Lemon Something\n\nBoth were nice, I remember it being better..
We were there on March 2011 (week night) and had a horriable experience.  We ordered Sea Bass, and it tasted off, advised the server.  Server bring the dish to the Chef and came back reporting Chef tasted the dish and there's nothing wrong with it.  We insisted we want to order something else.  The server offered bad service from this point on, ignoring us etc...That night wasn't even busy!!  At the end we go the bill, and they charge us Sea Bass that we didn't even eat, we asked to remove that from the bill and te server gave us a look and adjusted it....Worst customer expereience EVER!
Stopped in for just a drink and the service was horrible and they really didn't care that we were there.  The restaurant had maybe 4 tables, so was very slow.  Second time this has happened and will not be coming back.  Sad because I've been in the neighborhood for 30 years and love to support local businesses but not this one!!
The food is good, but the service ruins it, hence the 1 star.\n\nI made dinner reservations for 5 people for 8 pm on Friday, April 18th. We had a movie show to catch at 9.45 pm, but I figured, 1-1.5 hour for dinner should be enough time. Boy, was I wrong. We arrived at 8 pm and 5 of us were seated in a booth for four people. Go figure! After 5 minutes, we pulled a chair for the fifth person. Not a big deal, but you expect better when you make dinner reservations before hand.\n\nAnyhow, it took a good 15 minutes for our server to greet us. By this time, we had our entire order ready to be placed. At 8.15, we place the order. Our drinks were served at 8.25 pm. It was just Kingfisher, so I guess we got lucky there. \n\nIt's 9 pm now, 45 minutes since we placed our order, and our food is nowhere to be seen. We try to get a hold of our very busy, slightly rude or maybe he just had a very dry sense of humor that none of the five people in my party really understood. We told the server that we had a movie to catch at 9.30 and were hoping to get the food asap now. The server tells us that our food is almost here, with no sign of regret. \n\n10 minutes later, it's now 9.10 pm, our food is still not here. My friend and I go over to the counter and ask our server (who is now the bartender?) and he tells us that we are second in line. Second in line 55 minutes from placing the order? You got to be kidding me! Anyhow, very politely we requested him to cancel our order, since we really didn't wanna miss our movie. Then our server disappears. We get hold of another employee outside the kitchen, requesting to cancel our order. At this point, we just wanted to pay for our drinks and get out of there! The second employee then goes in and 5 minutes later, our server comes out of the kitchen with our food. It's now 9.20 pm! Exactly 65 minutes from placing the order, and 80 minutes from being seated. We literally swallow our food and got out of there at 9.35 pm. Of course, we were late for the movie, and got the 3rd row from the front!! \n\nTo sum up:\na) I made dinner reservations.\nb) Got seated in an undersized booth for 5 people\nc) Waited for 80 minutes for our food. \nd) Ate our food (which should have been a pleasant experience) in less than 15 minutes.\ne) Got late for the movie.\n\nDefinitely one of the worst restaurant experiences!! NEVER AGAIN!
I got the ahi burger, otherwise known as the "kong", definitely was not impressed. Actually to be quite frank it was the worst ahi burger I've ever had. Not to mention service was terrible here, and the servers seem upset with a 5%tip. You're lucky you got anything after that terrible service and meal. Work for the tip, don't make me tip for the work.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer-- restaurants specializing in more than one type of food are rarely great.\n\nRed Bowl's number one thing going for it is that it has a full gluten-free menu, which can be great for some people.\n\nI've eaten here a number of times and every time I'm underwhelmed. To me it seems like the food is just bland and slightly over-priced. I will say, however, that some people I know really seem to enjoy it, so perhaps my tastes just aren't that good (or maybe I have more experience with this kind of food!)\n\nAtmosphere is quite nice, and the staff is pretty welcoming. If there were something better for this type of food in the area, I would have rated this place only 2 stars, but since this is about it, unless you want generic Chinese food, I'll give it 3.\n\nYou can check their website www.redbowltegacay.com for daily specials, too.
Coming from an asian family that often goes to chinese restuarants for dim sum, this place sucks. For example, we waited for an hour and didn't see a single cart of shrimp rice rolls go by our table. What kind of chinese restaurant doesn't serve shrimp rice rolls in an appropriate time range? Same went for the egg tarts. The service is pretty bad.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. Heartache of heartaches, THEY HAVE CHANGED THEIR FALAFEL recipe. Their old-school falafel patty, which was basically an angel sent from heaven in chickpea patty form is now a less flavorful, balled, ugly stepsister version of the original. Makes my soul cry :'( It's still alright, but I long for the days of yore when the Scottish owner chef-guy made them from scratch.\n\nREST IN POWER FALAFEL PATTY.\n\nStill love the place as always. They've got a rotation of new lovely servers and service has gone up just enough for me to not find any issues. Yes, it's still a little slow at times, but I was there for over 3 hours sipping away and studying and I was impressed that I was checked up on a few times (huge difference from before.) The one server who had given me a touch of attitude is now gone and it's softened the vibe visibly. \n\nIt was really lively on the Sunday afternoon I visited, a huge ASL group took up the front space signing away with vigor, to the right of me, a nuclear family quietly enjoyed tea, while university students kept the back jumping.\n\nI live down the road from here and basically use Bampot as my second home.
Returned with the family.  My one child ordered the salmon again and said it was an improvement over last time.  \nI had a striploin which was ok...  Nothing g special but was satisfactory. I'll keep this place at 3 stars.  It's a ok by me.
Overpriced, not a very expansive menu, gyros were average, ugly interior, I took my friend there from out of town because I thought it would be ok and was incredibly disappointed. Location is great. Won't go back
I ate at Charr Burger a few months ago and recommended it to a friend a couple days ago. The burgers are outstanding. Tasty, creative, plenty of food for a grown man. The atmosphere is open with a slightly loud operational noise vibe. The service I had was great. The waitress and bar keep both went out of their way to take care of us. Remember its a two way street. A friend and I went for a late dinner and they let us close the place down without any hassle. Cant wait to go back for a more reasonably timed dinner soon.
I mean, it's Steak 'n Shake, you don't expect much. But never order any of their seasoned fries, you will NOT get them. The last 3 times I've asked for salt and vinegar fries (including about 20 minutes ago) I just got regular fries. Might not be a big deal if that wasn't the whole reason I went there.
Beautiful Food Beautiful Wine and Beautiful Experience. I love this place 5 stars all the way
Atmosphere feels very Asian and they play iconic Asian films, the beer menu is so fantastic offering such a massive variety of hard to find craft beers. The prices are very good and portion sizes are smaller but filling for sure. This place has board games and a fun menu for cocktails and offers a pet friendly environment, great place to eat.
Without a doubt, this is the best Mexican restaurant in Toronto.\nIt reminds me a lot of Grand Electric in many ways, but I rate it higher than Grand Electric because the menu is authentic, larger, they takes reservations, and the place has a level of raw authenticity. \n\nThe food will blow your mind. It's simple and real mexican flavours, taco's made from scratch, kitschy and funny menu items like the bucket of shrimp, beautifully real ceviche, and even oysters. And well on the reasonably cheap side of the spectrum. \n\nThe space is intimate and cute. It's tucked away at Dupont and Davenport, and is a neat little place to get away from the craziness of the Annex but still experience it's charm. \n\nThe service is excellent. But don't go without a reservation. You will wait an hour or two even with the patio open in the summer.
Rating is for downtown dim sum (not comparing to markham). 3.5 rounded up to 4 because of service. Came here a little before 2pm on a Saturday and didn't have to wait for a table. The interior surprised me because it was so large and spacious, with banquet hall style feel and cart service.\n\nThis was my first time here, and we experienced great service. All of the staff we interacted with were really friendly.\n\nFood was good too! It was just two of us so we didn't get to order that much variety. But the sui mai and deep fried shrimp wonton stood out to me, and I would definitely order these again. (Tip: ask for the mustard and hot sauce). The pineapple bbq pork bun is pretty good too, though I'd prefer more bbq pork inside. Beef tripe was average. We also got the crab claw thing ($5 each) which was average as well. I'm used to eating that for dinner instead of dim sum. \n\nAll in all, I had a really good experience here. Enjoyed the atmosphere, service and food.
Some of the best Mexican food I have had in the city! The staff shuts down for two weeks in Jan and visits Mexico to absorb the cutlure and stay up to date with the recipes. Their guacamole is bar none and it is reasonably priced. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant as well. Can't wait to sit in their patio in the summer.
I had a custom t-shirt order designed and silk screen printed by the Good Dae team and the end result was awesome. Great communication during the design phase, great attention to detail even when I requested a few last minute changes. When I got the final t-shirts, the shirt quality was first rate, the imprinting was sharp and clean, and all on time and on budget. In short, Good Dae performed way above what I expected and the shirts for my family re-union were a giant hit. Could not be happier! Thanks Good Dae!
Oh dear lord, please avoid this place at all costs. Placed an online order only to find out I had a 160 minute wait with no other options. Drove in to pick the order up only to find chaos. All of the employees were yelling at each other,  no driver reported to work, etc. Horrible service.
Let's break this down: \n1.) Service - You will get good service from Laconi's. Wait staff is great and friendly. Kitchen staff is competent and they get food out in a reasonable amount of time. \n\n2.) Atmosphere - Good atmosphere, a little too dark though. On a busy night, like Friday or Saturday, expect a wait and the bar area gets very crowded. Lots of regulars who like to walk around and mingle with each other. When there is a big game on, it gets crowded also. So go early to get a good table before it gets to crowded\n\n3.) Food - NOT what it used to be. Laconi's has a very rich history in Cuyahoga Falls. It was originally owned by Sam Laconi and all the food was authentic and delicious. When he retired, he sold the restaurant to new owners and since they took over the food is fair but not nearly as good as it used to be. The pizza is not the same any more, because a woman who used to make the pizzas there was from Sicily and retired, her name was Pizza Mary and from what I hear told, she was incredible. Regardless, the food is good, but not excellent. DO NOT order a side salad, you will be disappointed. The bread is pretty good. The soup is good and homemade. Some of the pasta dishes are very good. The alfredo sauce is very tasty. The cannolis are good as is the tiramasu. \n\n4.) Pricing - I think the food is way overpriced. You get a decent amount of food but not worth what they charge in my opinion. Pizza is very expensive as well. \n\n5.) Exterior Appearance - From the outside, the restaurant is not much to look at. The parking lot is a little run down. The sign outside has letters missing and misspelled. Not a great first impression. \n\nIf you are in the area, not a bad place to stop for lunch or dinner. But again, not my first choice.
Awesome place! Great service and food. We go once a week. Definitely recommend the Hook and Ladder and cookies.
Subway is always a good lunch. I popped in with the family today and enjoyed a footlong honey oat meatball parmigiana sub. They have a variety of drinks to choose from including fountain (coke products), Dasani, simple lemonade, Gatorade and a few other juices and milk (both chocolate and white). They also have a plethora of chips to choose from. \n\nOverall clean, good quick eats, will be back again and again.
I had high hopes for this place, but unfortunately they just did not pan out. The Phoenix burger was in serious need of seasoning, as were the sweet potato fries. My husband tried the Cuban and while the garlic aioli was good (if you love garlic like I do), it was overpowering and the only thing you could taste.\nBar had no happy hour options and we were told it was because they hadn't put one together yet? Sorry excuse for spendy drinks, I think.\nOverall a very pricey dinner excursion for a mediocre meal.
Great little Italian restaurant located off of Eastern. We started out with the arinchini which was devine! Most places you get 2 large ones, but here you get five nestled in a plate of marinara sauce. Delish. Next I had the gnocchi with the Ninni sauce and the little lady had chicken parm. Both dishes came out perfect with the chicken parm having a great crust and the cook modifying the dish to meet the request we had. Service was top notch and the prices was appripriate. No down sides at this little gem.
DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE! If I could give them a no star I would. I haven't ordered from this location in over a year due to their incompetence. I figured I would give it another go. FAIL I ended up calling them after they were 20 mins late and with no information about my address or my order the girl insisted to me all the orders were out for delivery. After an additional 30 mins I called back still no food.  Same girl insisted to me that all orders went out. Well no one would want food that sat in someones car for over 30 mins and the only option I was given was to have my order cancelled. so I took that option and called corporate.
Nice friendly staff. Amazing view. And the food was great.  Clean place. Will for sure be back. Thank you all
My absolute favorite place to get donuts in the city. There are hundreds of ways to top house donuts. I love this place so much, before I left for Ghana I bought a dozen to introduce my family abroad a chance to try them. They loved them. The bacon maple is the way to go. But I always get a vanilla with raspberry and coconut.
My guess is that they don't advertise enough...or this place would be hard to get in the door...they just have the best donuts ever. Ever. The maple covered doughnuts with peanuts are my fav. Look if you are a fitness nut - splurge one day a week here. And get over yourself Tribe.
This is one of a few hotels near QVC & it is the BEST choice if you're traveling to the area for business. Overall it's pretty average, but it does the basics well: \n\nCleanliness=4 stars. My room has always been clean. One time it was missing a few towels, which was kind of odd. \nFriendliness of staff=5 stars.  The staff are so friendly. I had a ten minute conversation with one of the staff during breakfast and when you're traveling for work and overtired that makes such a difference in your mood. \nFood/Room Service=The food is pretty good overall. The breakfast buffet has quite the selection w/ a chef making custom omelet station. Room service has always been prompt, with a decent selection. \nBar=bartender went above and beyond one night by sticking around and serving a few of us night owls.\n\nThey have an indoor poor that looks really nice, but alas I've always been working so I haven't had a chance to check it out.
Came here with some friends before going over to Casa Loma for an event. Till this day, I still think about the chips and the guacamole (I can see it's very popular). Anyway, the service was above and beyond considering we went on a very busy evening, and even though we didn't have a reservation, they were able to seat the four of us. The waiter was very attentive, our food arrived on time (I order some beef rib tacos and they were absolutely delicious. I can't remember what else my friends ordered but I remember they all enjoyed what they got very much) and the overall atmosphere was lovely and cozy (on a busy night it can be a bit cramped, it's not a very big place). 12/10 on experience. I would love to go again to try their other dishes!
Broken and old games, ridiculously high bar prices and a very dirty place all around. Total waste of money.
This place has probably the worst sushi (if you can call it sushi) I've ever tasted.  And I've lived in Tokyo, so I'd know. \n\nI ordered 3 maki combo, yellow tail, scallop and spicy tuna.  They were all disgusting.  The rice was falling apart and was not properly cooked.  The fish was warm.  The scallops were Bay scallops, not Sea scallops, and there were very few of them in the roll.  The spicy sauce on the tuna was disgusting.  The tuna was chewy, rubbery and dark!\n\nYou might have better luck with their 'staple' bento boxes, but avoid ordering off their usual lunch fare as they have no idea how to make proper sushi.
I have been to the cafe and the waiters were rude and the table where dirty food over priced and not that good. But I also have been out to a cpl of event in the last 4 months and they were the caterer for the events. At each event the food was horrible cold. My friend had hair in her food. The staff were rude. The tables the food was on was dusty. I am quite shocked these ppl get hired for events. Its awful. I would never use them for my event. I am sured to have pissed guest. Noone liked the food at the events. Atleats there was a bar thank god. BUT A BIG THIMBS DOWN for food and service. If you are having an event DONOT hire these ppl. What they think is upscale is not. Uggghhhh
Slow. Wrong order and didn't ask if i wanted cream and sugar. Saw one guy walking around aimlessly looking at the register. Wont be coming back.
Good food; good service; consistent and accommodating.  They are an institution in Chicagoland and keep the quality high here in Arizona. The only downfall are the locations.  The original one at 16th & Indian School has a tiny-hard-to-navigate-through parking lot which makes it difficult to get in and out.  The North Scottsdale one had a small parking lot as well and heavy traffic but it's near the Walmart so you can always park in the corner of that lot and walk over.  When you want Chicago-style food, you'll do anything to get it.  Thanks Luke for bringing a bit of home to Arizona!
I was visiting Toronto and I was hungry for Indian food after passing through the Indian parade.\n\nCustomer service to me was fine.  I really dont expect people who live in Toronto to be friendly anyways. \n\nFood was awesome. Mango Lassi, Naan and chicken Tikka masala.  Hot and delicious
It was OK....it could of been better honestly but I rather go to my regular spot called egg roll at avondale and dysart!
Amazing sushi.  Having only been there once they offered a great option for sashimi and chirashi.
Small menu which makes picking food easy.  The food is delicious.  My fave is their tonkatsu ramen and pork belly appetizer!  2nd time here so glad there's finally a ramen shop on this side of town.  Only 4 stars... Cups and dishes are very badly water stained  which kinda makes it less appetizing.
If you want iodine poisoning and prefer to serve yourself, come here. \n\nThis is like a Maggiano's, but on a smaller scale. The hostess was nice and friendly upon walking in.  Be warned that the place is small and does not fit a party of 8 easily.  We had to wait for half an hour for an early Friday dinner and it wouldn't have been so bad had they not told us it was only going to take 10 min.  Anyway, got past that and got seated.  We ordered and ate family style:  Linguine Pescatore, Spaghetti, Pasta Carrabba, Lobster Ravioli, Seafood Cannelloni, Italian Chicken, and Calamari.  We wanted to order the Antipasti Plate and thought we did but the waiter, brought out a sampler appetizer dish instead. This leads me to my complaint:  we saw our waiter 3 times AT MOST.  It didn't look terribly busy that night but we never saw him.  He was pleasant when we did see him but that was rare.  We had to ask someone else for water refills and were constantly looking for our waiter.  It was quite odd.  We would have corrected the wrong appetizer dish but we were afraid we would never eat if we never saw him and ended up waiting longer for our food.  The owner of this establishment should be aware that the servers are not attentive and it's a darn shame!\n\nOnto the food:  The Linguine Pescatore was boring and didn't have much flavor, Spaghetti tasted like something from a jar, Calamari was WAY to salty (even the marinara sauce couldn't compensate), Pasta Carrabba was not memorable, Lobster Ravioli was done well with good/rich flavor in an orange sauce, Seafood Cannelloni wonderfully creamy filling but a small portion, and the pizza was dry.  Overall, Carrabbas was not a good place for a meal.  The prices are about right from a place like this ($12 -$18 a dish) and the atmosphere is decent.  However, it was really annoying we never saw our waiter and that is just unforgivable.
I'm a loyal starwood member and travel quite a bit for work.  I've stayed here twice and its about the best option in the area.  The hotel does need a face lift, but the best thing about this hotel is the bartender Jimmy.  Super nice guy, makes great drinks, knows most everyone by name even if they don't visit often.  Definitely stop by to see him if you are staying in the hotel.
Poor management. its manged by a out of time redneck woman who is backwards and uneducated about business. they did not cater to our need and our situation twice. we were a family with a 95 year old woman. we had to drop her off at the front because she cant walk very far. she gets tired walking from the living room to the kitchen. So we were sitting in the esports couch area and we were told to leave the area. I was a little annoyed but understandable. i asked the assistant manager to find a place for her to sit. he was an excellent manager. i forgot their names but the assistant helped us. hes a middle eastern/asian looking. skinny good looking guy. he took us to an vacant room for us and it was really nice. then the main manager who looks like a typical redneck trash who told us to leave because we brought food from home. we understood but we were willing to spend money to cater her very need. but she would not let us. so we had to walk across the store again back to the car. We were here before and they just lost their regular customers. Fire the main manager and promote the assistant. \n\np.s. they made a 95 year old woman walk all over the store. if something happened.... i know you dont care about her but think about your job. if something happened to her..... your going to get sued. and were from los angeles. we sue.
I'm a regular because of their chili naan and yellow dal.  Also, their chai is amazing and free, but self serve at the corner table.  Service is slow during lunch, but if you have time to spare, you'll be fine.
Many TV's, so it was a great place to watch the football games. I enjoyed the soft pretzel appetizer, but I would avoid the wings - not good. The entrees were good enough and what I would have expected from this style restaurant. \n\nThere is also a great beer selection, including many local options on draft.
AVOID - Service is beyond bad here. Food is mediocre. Reservation system is a complete joke. Just save yourselves the trouble and go somewhere else. Anywhere else will most likely be better.
Mint Garden is a nice little place in Newmarket that serves decent pho at a decent price. Given the options nearby, it is one of the few restaurants that serves authentic and tasty asian food.\n\nPrice: 3/5 - if i recall correctly it was $9 (maybe $8) for a large bowl of pho. This price is comparable to other restaurants in the GTA in terms of price.\n\nFood: 3/5 - i got a large bowl of pho with rare beef. The pho and soup base was good  and so was the beef, which was pretty soft. My only complaint is that i did not get much beef at all. If you see my picture attached to this review, you will see it is literally about a handful of beef, probably less.\n\nService: 3.5/5 - the waitress serving the restaurant was nice and polite, and even asked me how my meal was after (which to be honest, is quite rare to see nowadays). However, there was only one waitress serving the entire restaurant and that made service just a little slow.\n\nOverall if you like pho and you're in Newmarket for lunch or just hungry, this place is worth a visit
I've eaten at quite a few Indian restaurants around the valley and this is right up there at the top of my favorites list. The Chicken Tiki Marsala with garlic naan bread was so delicious. If you are not a fan of spice this is a good choice as it has a very mild spice. The Prawns were also delicious. Will have to stop by again and try out some more dishes!
I love Napoli's. Just recently learned about the steak hoagies. The sausage pizza is on point, and they got Turners lol
I am going to have to give this one star even though they do not deserve it. For years I have been incredibly hesitant to go back, as each time, I receive very poor service. THIS PLACE IS BEYOND HORRENDOUS for any kind of positive people service. This past Saturday at 8am, while getting on the road for a weekend trip, I stopped by this establishment again, thinking I would give them another chance. Well, the male employee at the register just finished with a transaction then decided he just had to make a pot of coffee at that moment as I stood in line. I mentioned to him "Is making a pot of coffee right at this moment more important than helping the next customer in line?" He turned around dumbfounded and came up to the register and said "What do you want?" I was like WOW...no apology, no empathy, just complete void of any kind of service recovery. I stopped the transaction and spoke directly to a manager--she could have cared less. She just looked at me, provided a very insincere apology. I looked at her and told her I was done. I can go to the McDonalds at Glendale/16th Street or Indian School/9th street and get exceptional service. I even had the feeling before I opened the door to go in there...and again, I predicted the very bad service I was going to receive...and it came true! This McDonald's location will never get my money or time ever again. Yuck!
This Gameworks is awesome there's great games food bowling pool and even esports where you can play PC games and console games and a pretty good selection of prizes you can buy with points or what they call tickets and all the employees iv meet have been super nice and helpful for the most part.\n\nI'm glad that Las Vegas is putting money back into places for kids and teens to enjoy and not just for adults. \n\nIt's at a really easy location to get to and away from the busy hassle of the strip.\n\nThe old Gameworks on the strip was a great place but let's get real it was dying and had to be updated. I understand people's complaints about waiting and the lack of games but it's 2014 and we have to be realistic. \n\nAnd if your gonna be one of those people to complain about oh the lack of games cry about it.. I bet you only went to the old game works once or twice a year. If your going to be stuck up about it go try and find some where else with all the awesomeness build in one place.. And when you do please let me know.. \n\nBut till then Long Live Gameworks!\n\n- Bart Sampson
This is a typical Hong Kong style cafe, but the price is a little too high for this type of food.  A typical lunch would be around $11 plus tax.  The decor was your typical modern design with a slightly dark grayish floor with light colour table and slightly darker chair.  The lighting is soft and not too bright.  \nThey have way too many items on their menu.  It took me a while to go thru all the items.  I decided to have to steam rice with shrimp wrapped in lotus leaf.  It was 15-20 minutes wait, and i waited a bit longer than all my friends at the table.  The meal offers either Chinese soup or English soup. lol!  I prefer the Chinese one since it is usually a soup lighter in a style of light consomme.  I had the typical milk tea as the after meal beverage.  The rice was really fresh and tasty.  It has the rich shrimp aroma throughout the rice and slightly floral smell from the lotus leaf.  It was definitely good.  Service was not bad since one of my friends is a regular here.  Although a little pricey for this style of food, but it was worthy.
This place was a great.  My husband gets credit for picking this place.  He planned a day at the museum and lunch here and it was a very nice experience all the way around.  First we headed over to the restaurant and picked a nice shady spot out on the patio.  It was beautiful outside, the weather was amazing and the view of the sculptures, and greener was very pleasing.  The service was excellent.  They were very quick and helpful suggesting some of the best things on the menu.  My husband had the rueben and the sweet potato salad which was out of this world amazing.  I told our server and he gave me a really nice picture/recipe card for it.  It was a few months ago and I dont remember what I had other than I remember it was so good no complaints from me but what won the whole meal was that insane sweet potato salad.  Whats nice about having lunch here first is that you can tour the museum and burn off those calories.   Also the light rail drops off right in front of the museum.  Another little tip is if you are an MCC student you get into the museum for free.
last time I came here was last year... shame on me for not leaving a review sooner. my husband and I were dining here for valentines day last year. after eating we paid our bill and left a tip which was 20% of our bill. while walking out of the restaurant our waiter walked behind us and said sarcastically "ohhh thank you so much for the tip" waving his hands in the air like he had an attitude about how much tip we gave him. it was the most rudest most disrespectful thing he could have done. 20% tip from your bill is more then enough if you ask me. normally a person will tip 10% - 15% of their bill. we never came back again.
We are members of the springs preserve and eat at this cafe all the time. Monday we went to the cafe  with our homeschool group. It was 4 moms and our kids. All of us  ordered food for us and our kids. 3 of the 11 kids we had with us have special dietary needs. Some are vegetarians and other have gluten and nut issues. When we came in and sat Down a man approached us and welcomed us. I informed him that we would all be ordering food but asked would it be ok if the 3 kids with food issues ate what their mothers brought for them. He said that was not a problem. So we all proceeded to order food for the rest of us. Which was 12 of us not including the 3 eating Their own food. As we were finishing ordering this very rude women started pointing at us and talking to the other workers. I said excuse me is there a problem? She said yes there was that those kids can't eat their lunch in here. I explained that they had food issues and the rest of us had purchased food. She rolled her eyes and said food allergies really? I was so embarrassed and uncomfortable. She said that the owner would never let that happen and that if she came in she would ask is all to leave. I have never felt so unwanted at a restaurant in my life. The owner would ask a group of moms and their kids to leave a restaurant because 3 kids have food issues that they can't help? I find that extremely hard to believe! We go to other restaurants that don't have an issues with this. This is the first place to ever give us a hard time. After we all got our food and were starting to eat she was still pointing at us while were eating and talking to another worker. It was so awful. We could not wait to get out of there. We come to the springs on a regular basis with our school group and we will never be back to this restaurant. We will do our lessons and go somewhere else to eat. Which is really very unfortunate.
Let me tell you a little story. Two boys one breakfast place. The service was outstanding! That girl... Oh that beautiful beautiful girl. I believe her name was based off a spice... Pepper or something like that. The boys found gold! Friends would come from far to eat this treasure. I even got a birthday card! Then paprika got let go :( the service went down hill... The boys stopped going...
Food - 4\nService - 4\nPrice - 3\nAtmosphere - 4\n\nI just cant put my finger on it but It seems like burgers in Canada are so much better than at home. Shout out to Veronica because the Lefty Burger was off the hook. I wish they didn't run out of foie gras because I think that would have been a great addition to a burger. I know its an airport burger but I really thought it was good. Pricey but good.
You would expect a burger place named Char would know how to cook a burger to temperature, but sadly they seem to have a consistent problem with this. Now, that's not to say it wasn't a decent burger, but are there burger joints that do it better? You bet! Hop Doddys and Rehab Burger both in Scottsdale, I think cook a slightly better burger. That being said, why did I rate Char a 4? The service is what kicks this place up a notch. Everyone is so welcoming, including the owner who is from NY and walks the dining room asking his customers how their meal was. Oh, and the fries were pretty good too. The only downsides so far are the burgers and the hostess who walks around like she's on Xanax. I mean, come on, if you're going to hire a hostess then hire one who has a bit more pep and enthusiasm. Honestly, she looked positively bored.
Opening day and can't wait to get back! Great owners and staff and most importantly the food was outstanding. We hate being rushed through our meal and hustled out the door and this was just the opposite. A relaxing dinner with fresh authentic food that was prepared when ordered not 3 days ago. We were very disappointed when Montesanos closed but we've found our new favorite place!!!
The food is always delicious, this is my go to hangover breakfast spot. I usually go for the eggs florentine or the breakfast poutine (I love hollandaise sauce) but the breakfast burritos are always a good option as well. The servings are a decent size (I rarely finish the entire plate) and the prices are reasonable.
Great service, great food. Came with my family on Saturday night and was delighted at how attentive the servers were - you could tell they value their customers and try to get to know every one of them on a more personal level AND plus the food was delicious. \n\nWe started off with the meatballs Nepoli for our appetizers- absolutely heavenly- the sauce was perfect for dipping the free garlic knots into too! I ate so many of those garlic knots - they came out freshly baked and piping hot. As soon as we ran out of the basket, we were immediately given another basket. \n\n\nIn terms of entrees, I had the lasagna, my brother had the fettuccine Bolognese and my dad had the orecchiette with sausage. All three were great, highly recommend them, especially the orecchiette if you want something a bit different :) \n\nWill definitely be back!
Fresh, fast, helpful and DELICIOUS!!!!\nThe busy time is the best time for this vigorous lunch experience. Their cart service makes dimsum here so outstanding and exciting. They welcome "bring your own cake" for special occasions like birthdays.  They helped me with candles and hiding a surprise cake for my husband in their fridge.\nMany thanks for the memorable bday luch!
We had a large group (10 including 3 kids) on a Tuesday night.  We were seated really quickly, but that was the only quick thing all night.  Appetizers took a good 20 minutes (for naan and samosas), and our orders for the main dishes weren't even taken until right before the apps came out.\n\nThe only thing that saved this place was the food.  I might go back for a take out order, but would go elsewhere for dine-in
A little pricey, but if you love yourself a good Chicago-style italian beef, hot dog or polish, then Luke's is the place for you!  I loved Luke's growing up in Chicago, and I love that there's something very similar in the valley.\n\nThe hotdogs come on a poppy seed bun.  "Everything" includes mustard, tomato, peppers, neon green relish, pickle, and celery salt.  No ketchup.  Just like a tried and true Chicago hot dog joint.  The italian beef is awesome.  Make sure to include the peppers if you want it done right.\n\nOn the randomness factor.  They serve RC Cola.  I think Luke's is the only place in the world, let alone Arizona, that still carries RC.
Oh man this was good indian food. Coming from a native, I hope this means something!\n\nAnother restaurant close to my hotel so I decided to try it out on my way back (ate at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant last night) to the room. Seating confused me at first because the sign said seat yourself but there was also a host directing people to tables. Whatever...\n\nPretty extensive menu. I ordered the beef seekh kabab wrap and the butter chicken with rice and a plain naan. Kind of annoying that none of the curries come with rice or naan (and rice is 2.50, 1.75 for a plain naan). Luckily I was on the expense account so I didn't care about the cost too much. Food took a while to come out, but there was also a large party ahead of me which got served first. The kabab wrap consisted of a monster thick kabab, nothing wimpy like some other restaurants to with the usual accompaniments. \n\nThe butter chicken was thick and creamy and the serving dish was filled to the brim (almost overflowing). There was a decent amount of chicken in there, definitely not skimpy like many other restaurants. It tasted delicious and no one seasoning was overpowering. The portion was pretty big and between the kabab wrap and the butter chicken, two people could easy have eaten and been satisfied. \n\nOverall delicious food and pretty good service. They don't really have a full bar (as they advertise), there are maybe 10 spirits with a few mixers, and beer. I didn't imbibe, but the selection was pretty standard fare (rum, scotch, tequila, vodka) and looked decently priced (at least according to the drink menu).
This 2000th Panera opened on 3/23/16, but it is already showing its fine heritage by echoing the high quality food and friendly, well-trained staff of previous Panera restaurants. This is a great place to come for quick, delicious food and drinks, but it is also a fun place to meet friends and spend a couple of hours drinking coffee and playing on your computer.
If you have the mindset and understanding that you will not receive your food in less than 40 minutes, then you will be okay coming here. The food is great and worth the wait if you have the time. That goes for lunch too. If you're looking to catch up with friends or have a business meeting, this is a good choice. If time is limited then consider take-out. The atmosphere and slow service will take away from your dining experience. But food is
Took my grandson for his 7th birthday. The 5 year old was also with us. Lots of games, including a room full of computers, with XBox and Playstation set-ups. The rollercoaster simulator was really fun. The restaurant and bar had friendly staff members. Typical bar food, but it was ok. You can walk around the whole place with your beer or cocktail. I don't think they need such a large dining area.
Stopped by for lunch and chose the unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks.\nOur waiter was excellent and the food, service and price were outstanding!
McDonald's has the worst evening staff I went through Saturday evening at a little after five ordered my food paid for it went to the window picked it up asked was on my food there the young man said of course, went Home and of course it was not, called up the manager told me it was sitting right there for me I asked if I could have a fresh order when I went back to go pick it up they acted like they were doing me a favor I asked could I have the ice tea because it will have been melted by the time I get home The guy at the counter asked the manager she hesitated and said fine give it to her and I asked for some ranch dressing and he had to ask the manager which took a moment or two finally I got the ranch, it was so rude I had to go out of my way to go back and get the food for one of the girls they were getting ready for prom, they have the worst staff I have ever seen in the evening I go four or five times a week for a coffee and some ice tea during the morning that's staff is awesome! I'm going to make sure I tell everyone I know not to go in the evening because they could care less
Sushi was good. Prices are typical for sushi. No idea why you have to ask for wasabi and ginger. \n\nNo idea why one of my rolls was on a plate with someone else's rolls when it arrived. Then 5 min later my 2nd roll arrived. \n\nIm searching for a better sushi spot. But in a pinch this place ain't bad.
Not impressed.  Went here for a friend's birthday on a Saturday night at 8:30.  The place was less than half full, but yet service was slow and less than attentive.  \n\nOur friends had pasta dishes which were served with a caesar salad as an appetizer.  The friend's comments were not favourable as the salad was over-dressed.  The pasta itself was tolerable but salty.  We had a smoked salmon appetizer for two, which was ok.\n\nIt was a cold evening and the layout of this place allows all the cold air to blow in, meaning that because we were seated near the door, we were freezing all evening.  \n\nOur server was not knowledgeable about the menu, and when asked for their martini selection said "Off the top of my head, we have chocolate, lychee, cosmo, or we can make what you want."  Not what I expected from this type of establishment.\n\nI would not go again.
3.5/5, +.5 for service\n\nI decided to try Pho Linh after seeing the photos on Yelp and wanting to try the Banh Canh Cua...but it's only available Monday to Thursday! Since I went on a Friday I was a little taken aback...but decided to order the small house special noodle soup, and vow to myself I will return for a second visit regardless of this visit.\n\nThe food came quite fast; about 4 minutes after I ordered. I liked the broth and the beef ingredients, but the noodles were a little overcooked and broke apart quite easily. They also use the slightly wider type of noodles, instead of the more narrow kinds you're used to in other Pho restaurants.\n\nService was excellent for a Vietnamese restaurant, and they actually said hello, thank you, and explained the fact they only had my original requested order from Mondays to Thursdays, and joked around with me saying I should come back on Monday.\n\nHeh. I'll keep this place in mind for sure.
Nicholas my subordinate from work suggested that we should try this place because it looked cool.  So we jump into the car and drove a bazillion miles to get here. \n\nThe place definitely looked cool in person and it was well kept and clean.  The loo was pretty decent as well for a burger joint.  The staff were super friendly and helpful because this was our first time eating here.  Service was good speed, and no mistakes were made. \n\nTo the food, Nicholas order their signature burger, and we split their mac and cheese... which was absolutely amazing! It's definitely not the best I had, but close enough.. and I highly recommend it.  I also order some wings which was okay, they were really tough to chew. \n\nOverall a good place.  Probably won't come back again since it's so very far.
Good burgers. Awesome bartenders. Happy hour. What more could you ask for? \n\nMy favorite locals bar by far
My belief has always been that at a restaurant, nothing matters but the food.  Service can be abysmal as long as the food is good.  Tandoori Times has changed my beliefs about this, and I now realize that service can be so amazingly terrible that it can completely ruin a dining experience.\n\nDinner started innocently enough.  We sat at a table not far from the bar, and our server started out asking us what we'd like to drink.  The server had a young kid with her, maybe 5-6 years old, and the kid was helping her with things.  I thought it was kind of strange, but I assumed it was probably our server's kid and that she couldn't find a babysitter for the night or something - no big deal.\n\nI ordered a dirty martini, and our server went back to the bar to mix our drinks (she told us the bartender had already gone home for the night, even though it was only 6PM).  Since our table was near the bar, we could hear what was going on there, and within a minute or two, I heard the server asking the rest of the staff if they knew where the olive juice was.  After a minute or two of searching, the staff concluded that they were out of olive juice.  At this point, I expected our server to come back and ask if she could get me a different drink.  She didn't.  Instead, she started asking the staff what she could substitute for olive juice, and they concluded that saltwater would be good.  Ugh.  She brought me the drink and pretended it was completely normal and nothing was wrong.  I pretended I didn't know any better, took a sip of the drink, and told her it was beyond awful and it tasted like they had used salt instead of olive juice.  She acted like she couldn't imagine why this was, and she said that she would take the drink off of my bill.  When she picked the drink up from the table to take it away, the young kid I mentioned earlier bumped into her and knocked the drink out of her hand.  She spilled a bit of it on me, and most of it on the floor.  She then walked away and offered no help of any kind - no napkins or anything.  This spilled drink stayed on the floor _the entire rest of the meal_, and they never cleaned it up.  When we eventually left, I was tempted to "slip" on it, pretend I severely hurt myself, and start yelling about how careless their staff was, how they could be held liable for injuries, blah blah blah.  I just wanted someone to recognize that it was ridiculous for them to not clean up things that they had spilled, but it really seemed like they didn't care at all.\n\nAnyway, the server asked if I wanted something else to drink instead.  I went for a gin and tonic.  When she got back to the bar, the first thing I heard was "What's in a gin and tonic? How do I make one?" Sigh.  Anyway, the gin and tonic turned out okay, all things considered, but at this point I was pretty sad from what had already happened.\n\nFinally, we got to ordering our food.  Our server came over, asked what we'd like, and as we started telling her, we noticed she wasn't paying any attention.  She was just watching her kid and talking to her.  So, we got to repeat our order again, and this time she actually paid attention and wrote it down.  Yay.\n\nAwhile later, our food came out - we got two naans (one paneer, one chicken), chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, and rice.  The naans were pretty average, nothing really special.  The chicken tikka masala was actually pretty good, and was the only decent part of the whole meal.  The palak paneer was some of the worst I've ever had, and I'm pretty sure they just emptied a defrosted bag of frozen spinach over some cubes of paneer.  It tasted like no spices or any kind of flavoring had been added.\n\nIn the middle of eating, we were interrupted by the server and her kid for a rather awkward moment.  The server made her kid apologize for knocking over my drink, and then they walked away.  Congratulations Tandoori Times on making our dinner that much more uncomfortable.\n\nOur server didn't seem to care about anything throughout the whole meal - she never asked how anything was, if we needed anything, etc. When we were done eating, she came by and dropped off the check, without removing our plates from the table or even saying a word.  We had been charged an extra $2.50 just to have rice with our entrees, which I think is pretty ridiculous.  Anyway, I took out my credit card and she came by to pick it up, again without saying a word.  We left quickly, wanting to get our Tandoori Times experience over with as soon as possible.\n\nWhen we left, I was pretty frustrated and angry, which is not how one should feel when leaving a restaurant.  I will never, ever, ever come back here again.
For quick and casual dining, for us this has been Mississauga's most dependable and consistent restaurant since the mid-seventies. We were pleased to see they have just added a large deck and rejuvenated the interior since our last visit. \n\nAs an early member of the FLQ (Fellows Leaving Quebec), I  usually have one of their very satisfying Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwiches which comes in 2 sizes, the regular (large) and Super (colossal). The meat seems to have lost some of it's spiciness over the years and it is now machine sliced instead of by hand in the old Montreal tradition. However, it is still a superior product and evokes nostalgic feelings that only former Montrealers will understand. \n\nMy usual side dishes here are equally satisfying. From the golden-crisp steak-cut fries with a creamy soft interior, to the sour kosher dills and the always-fresh, crisp and spicy Cole Slaw. All seldom as good anywhere else. \n\nService here is quick and business-like, thankfully without those overly cheery greetings, introductions, and annoying congratulations on being able to place an order usually encountered in the local chain restaurants. \n\nWill you ever see this place on FoodTV's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives? Probably not. So you're going to have to try it yourself. You may even become regulars like us. Happy eating.
Almost done right, true Italian style. The bread could be more of a baguette rather than rolls. We ordered the Spaghetti Amatriciana and Lasanga. Both were very freshly cooked but, the recipe lacked true Italian authenticity. (We lived in Italy for 3 years). Our advice, stick with true Italian recipes without adding the American spices and flairs.
I only went to Zorba's a couple times before it closed, and I remember being disappointed with it because I could get much better gyros back home.  I had given up on gyros on campus (until I went to niro's but that's another review) but I was willing to give Zorba's another chance when it reopened.  Many of my friends thought I was crazy for preferring niro's, so maybe I just remembered wrong?\n\nWell, it was pretty much the same as I remembered.  The meat is mediocre, and I feel like you definitely get more for your money at niro's.  I do like that they have different sizes so you don't have to get a giant gyro if you're not particularly hungry.\n\nHad I rated Zorba's before coming back, I would have given them four stars.  The food isn't bad; I've just had better.  But my favorite part of a gyro is the cucumber sauce, and it just wasn't right here.  Correct me if I'm mistaken, but isn't it supposed to be thick, white, and yogurty?  And nice and cold so you get that contrast between the cold sauce and the warm gyro meat?  Well, the sauce here was runny, warm, and almost clear.  I don't know, maybe something was just weird when I went, but with Niro's in my backyard (where I know they have the right sauce) and graduation in a month, I doubt I'll be back.
This place never fails. They are always so nice & the food is always excellent. We try to get something new every time we come & it's our new favorite every single time. I highly recommend 100 percent!
In Markham, a HK style diner is almost within 10 min from any place, so how does this place stand out? If the fact that it's owned by the guy who owns Ming's (another popular HK cafe south of Pacific mall) doesn't peak your interest, then maybe the thousands of dollars of expensive iron man figures will? No? Well let's talk about the food: it's typical hk style level. I tried two breakfast specials for the sake of this review - luncheon meat instant noodles and corn beef egg sandwich with oatmeal. Both are average in taste and portions. But for $6 each what do you expect? Fast, efficient, service with economical typical dishes. If you're in the mood for cheap hk diner food, check it out, your wallet will thank you.
So always been fan of the concept of GameWorks since I visited one in Seattle years ago. The whole different arcade games some throwbacks, current games, and interactive games with the EA sport area not mention the indoor bowling alley. Not forget about the little ones for games earn tickets then redeem them later. The whole bar/restaurant area that something like but not fan at the same time. It nice that they offer good diversity of food not your basic bar menu grub all deep fried or off the grill. I like the location of this GameWorks in Town Square Mall on the strip. I like the fact they serve beers by the pitchers as option!  I like fact that tons of televisions all over the place in the bar and restaurant area for sports. Not fan the bar area. It hardly feels like bar area that can lounge around and relax with friends. Your right smack next to the entrance so see people coming and going or kids running around. It could be good thing free entertainment. LOL. The service was awful. I went up two separate occasions the first time. Not sure if he was bartender or bar back. The guy cleaning glasses working not once did he acknowledge me. I literally was standing in front of his face the whole time. Hi. Someone will be with you. The other two bartenders just whatever I had get there attention just get drink. The bar had no personality feel like counter top in middle of open space. The restaurant area itself not much better with personality feels like more cafeteria setting I feel just open space with tables and couple booths outside. Service at times was not on it. To be fair came to GameWorks after friends wedding reception for night cap get together. Everyone showed at random times. They did do fabulous job with no reservations rearrange tables (we helped moved them or they did) ended up with over 30 peeps spread out over three or four tables. Well done. \n\nI had some of my friends food. I tried the pretzel bites. They were ok. The cheese sauce tasted out of can. The nachos that was solid. It was loaded with pretty much everything. Really all the food saw coming out to the table looked good. \n\nIf playing tourist GameWorks is place that might stop by again. If want throw back days in 808 going Tilt or Fun Factory (local peeps would appreciate the shout out) would go GameWorks. The food and drinks honest so many other great spots in Town Square would skip that part at GameWorks.
I stayed here because I was doing business at QVC which is in West Chester. i gave the hotel 5 stars because my entire stay from the time I walked into the hotel to the time I left was perfect. They had a free shuttle to QVC and I believe anywhere else in town within a 5 mile radius. My room was fantastic! I stayed in 204. Lovely suite. The bed was very comfortable.  I can tell it had been remodeled since many previous reviews mentioned how outdated the rooms were. I believe the entire hotel (mostly) has been renovated. The main restaurant was closed for renovations and the elevators still looked old so they aren't quite done. The workout room was fully complete with weights and cardio equipment. They had 3 treadmills (Life Fitness brand) and two stationery bikes (one is a recumbent) as well as a couple of ellipticals. There was a separate area for stretching. They have a pool but i didn't use it.\n\nFor breakfast, the hotel restaurant actually had steel cut oats! Typically hotels only offer regular oatmeal. It was made perfectly! I didn't eat there for dinner. I went next door to Outback :) \n\nThanks to the staff because they were very friendly, even at 3:30 am when I had to check out.
Good solid S&S located on the main drag in Gastonia. I've been here multiple times and the experience has always been good. The burgers are great and the shoe string fries are classic. My son always loves to wear the free line-cooks hat and destroys his junior shake within a minute. I don't know why but every time I order a shake at the end of the meal it takes way longer than it should to get it. The other negative is if your coming down from Cox road you have to make a U turn at the light to get to this one. But overall it's a good place to grab a bite to eat.
Last night we celebrated my husband's nephew's birthday here, per his request. The establishment is located in Town Square on the ground floor, right under the AMC Theater. There is ample parking in Town Square and the meters are used to collect donations, not to enforce parking fees, in short - your car won't get towed if you don't have change to spare. \n\nWe arrived on a Thursday night at 615 pm. The dining area was practically empty apart from our party, party of 21. We occupied about five tables, but only three tables were ready to order when the wait-service came around. I was a little confused because we saw several servers and yet only one came by to take our orders. After he was done taking orders at one table, he went back to put the orders in, and took a while doing it too, and then came back for the next table. This went on until it was our turn to order, mind you we were the last table. \n\nI didn't mind that he was taking a while to get our orders but, we didn't get our water/beverages till after. I saw that he was rushing around and walking with a purpose (the dining area is kind of big). What killed me in the end was waiting for our food to come out and finally getting our check and game cards. \n\nI ordered the Cobb Salad which is a 1-hour Game Card item, the Classic Quesadilla with chicken for my kids to share- thats another 1-hour Game Card item, my husband had the Seared Salmon, and we had wings to share-buffalo style. Overall, the food was good. I probably wouldn't come back just to eat the food, as nothing really stood out. We were here to play games after all. \n\nBTW the special from Mon-Fri is that they give you 1-hour game cards when you order the game card specific items from their menu. That was a no brainer for me since my kids have too many toys at home and I didn't want them bringing more "prizes" home. It was about 830 pm by the time we finally checked out and received our game cards. I Checked-In on Yelp and registered/signed up for the Game Works program, so I received a coupon for a free $10 game card + 25 Bonus Points, a manager had to come around and verify my phone number in order to redeem the coupon since I didn't print it out. So of course, that took some time as well. \n\n1-hour of gaming is a lot of time when you are with a 6 yr old and 3 yr old. I would recommend this Mon-Friday happy hour deal to anyone who doesn't mind not being able to win tickets. Not all games are ticket. \n\nI did a quick restroom trip, it seemed clean enough-there is also a gender neutral restroom for families. I spied a bowling alley, a couple pool tables, a private party room, and a bar. Cool place to bring the entire family.
I'm\n\ntyping\n\nthis\n\nto\n\ndemonstrate\n\nthe\n\nservice\n\nspeed:\n\nvery\n\nslow.\n\nSeriously, 45 minutes for dinner to arrive and after dinner coffee (it was chai tea) took twenty minutes. There were only six of us. Went there to meet friends for dinner. Food was okay. I won't be back.
We love Barrio, it's one of our favorite go-to spots. LOVE the braised beef. Queso is a must. And if you like sweet and spicy, and are a little adventurous, the jalepeño Margarita with a cayenne sugar and rim is one of my favorite drinks. Also, amazing and inclusive gluten-free options, my mother with celiac disease loves having so many delicious options to choose from
First of all eww! Service was lacking in every way possible. Food took a lot longer than expected meaning over an hour for chicken wings. The waitress was the least attentive in the history of attentiveness. Never asked us if we needed a refill. The food did not reach expectations especially considering the amount of time it took them to cook it. We had two ramen bowls and by the time the wings made it to the table we had to eat cold broth. Over all don't spend your hard earned cash at this spot.
We had a great experience at Yuzu! Drinks were good (ok maybe could have been a little colder, and we learned we had to have martinis in tumblers because they "only had one martini glass" -- but hey! they're just getting started). Food was really good -- the bowls tasted like homemade cooking--in a good way, meaning healthy, tasty, satisfying, and homey--but all with an inventive twist. I really appreciate having not one but two vegan options -- and they were very accommodating, even bringing out an extra side of fries when we realized the (delicious!) sauce on the fries might not be vegan. And speaking of the fries -- they were so good! VERY hot which is just how you want fries to come out. In terms of service, our server was so nice, the owner personally visited our table and delivered our food, and the back patio was spacious. And they allow dogs and have a dog menu. Looking forward to going back with my human and canine friends.
Welcome back Zorbas! Green Street didn't feel the same without you since you burned down.\n\nZorba's new space is much more roomy with the cashier on the right and near the back, directly opposite from where it was located before. Although the ambiance is much improved, my gyro lacked taste. Sure it had all of the fixings without me asking: yogurt sauce, cucumber, tomato, onion...but the meat was bland.\n\nMy expectations for food quality are high even though this restaurant is located in the midst of collegiate-drunken-food-ville where food in this area is generally bland.
It was okay. They didn't have many options (perhaps 8 items from which to choose), so didn't get to try much; what I did try was serviceable and unmemorable. 2.5 - 3 stars for the food.\n\nService was dreadful, and I say this only because there were 24 people in a 400-seat restaurant with at least 8 servers (not cart pushers), and not a single one ever came to our table. I don't expect much at dim sum, so I'm only making a comment rather than slamming the restaurant - if you eat here, just go in with an open mind and the expectation of no service. The cart pushers are very active, but without many options, they keep cycling the same dishes around and around. Perhaps I need to try at peak time instead of off-hours.
Went for The first time and our main dishes were way too salty.  Service was lack luster and the wine we wanted to order was out of stock.
Great hotel in the West Chester area!  Friendly staff, nice rooms and convenient location.  The Club Room is very nice and offers a continental breakfast and an evening spread too.  I used to stay at this hotel frequently when I was coming to PA for work quite a bit.  This will continue to be my go to hotel when visiting this area.
Tried for the first time. Kobe beef skewers were perfectly grilled. We were a party of 3. Ordered spicy miso, red miso, and ma la ramen noodles. Flavors in each soup was perfect. Will definitely be going back.
First off- weird configuration with choppy separation of games and dining.  I like Dave & Busters where it's all more incorporated so parents can sit and still be in same room with kids while they play and we can enjoy food and cocktails.  So instead, I followed the kids around, lugging all the winter coats and hats.\n\nAfter blowing $80 myself and another $100 with friends, we finally went to eat and ordered a bunch of pizzas.  They tasted more like frozen tombstone pizzas but bigger than I though based on yelp reviews.  The problem was service.  Other than taking the initial order and dropping food, we NEVER saw our waitress.  I had to literally walk around the dining room on three occasions flagging down OTHER waitresses for extra plates, drink refills, etc.  the dining area was NOT full.  Each server had maybe a maximum of 3 tables to serve.  \n\n3 hours after being served and then after 20 minutes trying to hunt down our bill, I finally was fed up.  I saw three managers in a corner and approached them and told them what happened and asked for the bill.  Meanwhile, others in my party asked another waitress for my bill, who then found our waitress, who dropped it off.  We sat there, with credit card in the bill sleeve and again, waited and no one came to pick it up.  So I walked the bill and credit card to the manager myself.  The manager (Heather maybe) was on it.  She apologized profusely and said she understaffed the dining room.  I've waitressed before and if a server can't handle 3 tables, they need better servers. Without us asking, the manager comped the ENTIRE meal and gave us free 1 hour play cards.  \n\nWhile the experience was frustrating- I would go back simply because management responded so well.  I felt bad too, thinking of leaving a tip for the server- not huge but something.  But I saw her talking to the manager and looking at our table and throwing her arms in the air in disgust and then storming off.  That just really turned me off.  She never apologized for any delay.  Not sure if right or not, and might get a lot of flak but I really don't reward bad servers.  We were a table full of hungry people and we sat with empty plates, etc. for. a long time.  That server really missed the opportunity to sell us a salad, some wings and dessert.  But she never checked in on us.\n\nWe will return and try the restaurant again simply to support the business and hope they fix their kinks.  And if we get decent service, we will tip appropriately.  But I hope they work this out- it could've been a great locals addition to Town Square.
Really think this place is okay. Its just like any other donut place. A bit pricey for the donuts. Not bad experience.
Panagio's, the perfect spot for the perfect breakfast. Fast and quality service is what you get when you go to Panagio's. The breakfast menu is well balanced and has a little bit of everything! My go to dish is the big breakfast it has everything you need!
I have been to all other locations and have been served consistently good tacos and margaritas. No complaints here for extended wait times as I have worked in a restaurant and understand that it happens. Great location with similar decor to other barrio restaurants. Two complaints with my first visit to this location. Our waitress did not write down our drink orders and 2 of the 3 drinks ordered were brought out incorrect. We ordered 2 specialty margaritas (incorrect) and the other drink was a corona. She gladly had the drinks remade but not  without 15-20 minute delay. Hoping that if that happens in the future they can be remade quickly since we waited originally. Second compliant is that my hard shell taco was over fried to the point where I just ate the filling and left the shell behind. Didn't want to send my food back too an look like a jerk in front of my co-workers significant other that I just met. Also, her green goddess taco shell had an over fried hard shell that she ate around. Hoping that all the kinks of new restaurant are worked out because we are very excited to have a Barrio close to our job!
Oh man, what a great place. That one handsome tall buff guy, i think his name's Jake, helped us out so much. AJ was a lot of help too. All very friendly. Such a great environment.
My family and I have been coming here for over 10 years! The staff greet my grandparents by name and are always very welcoming towards older generations and older, Chinese 'regulars'. However, I believe stronger efforts can be made in being more inviting and amiable to many of the young adults, university students, and working professionals that make up a decent portion of their guests.\n\nEach time I go, I see a diverse crowd of patrons. For the most part, the servers are fairly open to showing and explaining the dishes to you if you aren't familiar, or if you're 'non-asian'. \n\nFood-wise, this is probably one of the best places in downtown Toronto to eat dim sum. Every time I go, I can NEVER go without ordering their pork sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves, fried turnip cakes, and soft tofu in sugar water. These are to die for! Highly recommended!\n\nOverall, this is a wonderful place to go with big families, a large group of friends, or just by yourself. The noise level is fairly high, but there is lots of space. I never feel overcrowded or packed. Their prices are very fair and reasonable.
Customer Service was tremendously great. I went in during valentines day alone, and I ordered a margarita pizza, and an espresso. Due to the sheer amount of couples, my order was delayed by quite a bit. But when I was trying to pay for my meal, they told me they took care of it, since my meal was delayed, so I didn't have to pay anything for that meal. The good itself isnt bad either.
Convenient and cheap eats if you work around the government center or find yourself doing business nearby. Menu can be confusing because they change things frequently depending on what's available but other than that that, pretty to the point.
So I am a loyal Krispy Kreme fan but after hearing so many wonderful things about Duck's I've finally decided to try them out and I am a believer of the hype! \n\nDuck Doughnuts specializes in cake doughnuts which gives them a more denser doughnut, making them perfect for adding loads of toppings vs Krispy Kreme's melt in your mouth that are better(in my opinion )simply glazed. \n\nWhen I walked in I was greeted by the owner and staff and after explaining it was my first time, the owner who was working the register went over the doughnuts themselves as well as how to order. If you plan on ordering a really mixed assortment it's probably better (as well as more polite if it crowded) to grab a order sheet near the door and enter in the doughnuts that way to expedite the process. I ended up going with an assortment that included my bf's fav, the maple icing topped with bacon and my fav the lemon icing with coconut chips. \n\nWhen I arrived home I added some candles around them and presented my bf with Ducks doughnuts for his bday since neither of us really do cake! Perfect for any occasion and simply delicious!
Worst service I have ever experienced at a restaurant. Waited 30 minutes after finishing the meal and never got the check. Server did not come back to refill drinks . Did not bring requested items several times . Still had to wait and the entire party got up and walked to the front of the restaurant because the manager never came out to the table. Would never eat here again or recommend it to anybody. Food was also substandard, tasted only mildly better than gas station prepared food and was far more expensive. After everything was said and done the only concession given was a 20% reduction on the check as well as a card for games in the arcade which didn't work in half the machines because the readers on the arcade games were faulty, it would take several tries to get the card to read on many of the machines if we could get it to read at all.
Pros:\n- awesome homefries\n- pretty diverse menu\n\nCons:\n- a bit pricey for me\n\nRecommended Dish:\nAnything with homefries
I came here for a Winterlicious lunch yesterday with a group of friends. Not knowing what to expect, since although I've heard great things about Alize in general, usually the winter/summerlicious events seem to be a mediocre sampling into what you can usually expect from the  menu.\n\nI made a reservation for 5 people a week earlier, and when we made it at the exact time specified, we were told to wait in the cold doorway till they prepared the tables. We waited for about 10-15 minutes, and the restaurant itself wasn't very busy yet. \n\nThe menu options were diverse and more than acceptable with 3-4 per course. I had the Potato and Leek Soup, Barbequed Salmon and Tiramisu. One of my friends thought the crepe was distinctly too dry. \n\nThe Potato soup and Tiramisu were both very mediocre, and my biggest shocker of the night was finding a strand of black hair intertwined in my friend's entree(bbq'ed salmon). When she alerted the server, all she got was a very quiet apology, the plate was taken away and replaced. \n\nThat's it. \n\nWe were all left gagging for several minutes at a shocker that should have never taken place in a restaurant, much less one like Alize. Worse still, to have a similar situation addressed by the restaurant as though the salmon was just simply overcooked. \n\nThat would have been acceptable. Hair in food, is not. \n\nFurther, the friend and I (had the exact same choices) have been experiencing stomach trouble since last night. I suspect the salmon. It's a shame, because the restaurant itself is so cute.
Portions are huge, prices are fair, quality is great. Delicious pancakes, eggs, home fries, and turkey bacon. Good little breakfast spot
Awesome  place! We came for a buddies birthday party. Great location to shop, watch movies, and family time! Jarred from Mississippi was an awesome server. He made some great recommendations and kept our drinks and stomachs full. Overall a great experience. We'll definitely come back!!
Found it on Yelp! As I needed a quick but quality lunch while working remotely at a local library. Delicious panini with prosciutto and spinach on a Calabrese bun, accompanied by a cappuccino. All under $10! And very filling \nTheir pastries look decadent, and would love to return to try those one day. They also have a great dessert selection, including small cakes, cookies, and mini desserts. Picked up some buns and parmesan and parsley bread sticks so look forward to trying those!
Freaking amazing!!!!!!!! Great price super tasty tacos .small but lots of room. And 99c on Tuesdays cannot beat it for the location right in town \n Nice for a quick bite or even dinner \nRecommend 100%
One of our favorite places for dim sum.  It's a big busy place with carts and all the great standards of a Dim Sum restaurant.  The ladies driving the carts are very helpful and will steer you towards the chickens feet or other dumpling specialty.\n\nWe have been multiple times (with a child) and the experience and food have been excellent.
Good good fast! Pricing was reasonable. I was a bit taken aback by my hummus and pita arriving as a sandwich instead of separate. The bread was great, the hummus was just average. I really liked my gyro though!
I have been here on a few locations for dinner with my boyfriend.  The interior is old & dated, but the food we always ordered (from the restaurant) was good. I always ordered the eggplant & he ordered the lasagna.  \n\nOne night, I sat at the bar to have a few drinks and dinner.  I quickly struck up a conversation with a businessman at the bar.  My friend joined me for drinks & our service went completely downhill.  Her kids sat at a table on the bar side & they were never waited on!  My friend at the bar gave them his bread because it was obvious they were being ignored.  The bartender, that is known for his rude jokes, never came back to us!  I ordered the chicken marsala and it was awful!  I would have sent it back otherwise but didn't want to stay any longer.  The business tried two or three times to pick up our tab (which was very generous), but the bartender would not let him. I couldn't believe it!  He told the guy "no" twice.  It was rude beyond belief.  I wasn't looking for a handout, but he offered, I think, because my best friend and her children were treated so poorly. \n\nI will never return.
I didn't have a clue that this was an upscale version of "hooters" when I went. I had the worst experience that I left and will never return.\n\nI sat at the bar and their tap spewed out all over me twice!  it took them about 20 minutes to get me a drink of water.  After getting beer spilled on me twice, I left.  They didn't care- they were clueless & rude.
First off, the driver overcharged my order to ensure he had a tip and thinking it was a mistake by the restaurant I felt sorry for him and gave him a tip. In checking the receipt and that he had just left I realized what had happened. I had also asked for all vegetarian dishes and one of them came in with beef and the rest of the order was just disappointing. I will never order from this restaurant again.
Great place. Came as a kid in 1970's. Now come every time I'm up from Nashville. Friendly people, great food, great price.
I remember when Mr. Laconi ran Laconi's.  It was an absolute gem.  You couldn't get bad food there.  That's gone.  This place uses the Laconi's name, but Mr. Laconi and his exceptional food are gone.\n\nThe prices are fair, yes, but food is mediocre to poor, and the service is just OK or slightly less than OK.   If the only kind of food you do is Italian food, at a minimum it should come out hot and you should be able to get the pasta done al dente.\n\nThe only real notable high point is the bar.  Bob the bartender knows his stuff and is friendly and helpful.  Still it's mostly a beer and shot kind of bar (maybe a glass of wine, but their selection is not the best) so there's a limit to how much this can contribute
Even though Jennifer K. gave it two stars I had to go give it a try because of all the reviews. I really regret coming here and should have listened to Jennifer K's review.\n\nService was amazing but the food was below average.\n\nMeal comes with bread as appetizer. It wasn't a garlic bread but but very similar.\n\nChicken Alfredo fettuccini $17.75 - portion is very small. Tasted very bland with no flavor.\n\nPappardelle alla bolognese $17.25 - same comments as above. \n\nRib panini and soup $19.75 - not on the menu but one of their seasonal specials. The rib meat was boneless and very tender fall off the bone. The seafood chowder soup didn't have any seafood that I could visually see but had a nice flavor to it. This was best dish that was ordered. \n\nSteak panini $16.50 - comes with a arugula salad. The meat was really tough. If trying to eat this with your hands like you would eat any sandwich then good luck because the meat was so tough it was impossible and became very messy. This sandwich had to be knife and forked.\n\nA very disappointing meal and especially for the price they charge I really was expecting much more.\n\nThe food gets a 1 star and the Service gets a 5 star - I know this doesn't average out to an overall 2 star review but the food just ruined the experience altogether.
Not a gyro expert but this was the most tender gyro I've ever had. Didn't know a gyro could achieve the melt in your mouth consistency. I usually am hungover when i eat gyros, but I was not hung over when I ate this. I almost want to binge drink so I can eat here the next day. Good stuff.
My wife doesn't like very hot/spicy food. She enjoys Indian food and wherever we have lived in the past we have found great indian restaurants able to make her dishes without all the kick.  We went here to check it out and she ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and couldn't eat it because of how spicy it was.   The manager told her he couldn't make it less potent or else the taste would be sacraficed.  Well, how did the other Indian restaurants outside of Phoenix manage to do it?  Not impressed at all with this place and won't be going back.
My parents called this week and our adventure was Olive Garden. What the hey again, since the hubby is working late and beats cooking. Drove to my parents out met up with my parents and my brother. We plied into the van. Dad drove us, it felt like we were little kids again. But I did not remember dad's driving was that bad. Seriously, he drove like an old man speed and stops at green light. OMG! \n\nGot there finally in 1 piece! They were pretty packed on a Thursday night. We waited no more then 10 mins and the lights on the beeper box was flashing. We were quickly silted in booths. The booths are getting old, I sit down and hit the wood part of the booth. OUCH. I thought I was my big butt, but my mom mentioned the same thing. Our waiter was fabulous. She was patient and nice. My parents took forever to pick something. \n\nDad ordered: Seafood Alfredo - He ate 3/4 of it and loved it. \nMom ordered: Chicken Marsala - She ate 1/2 of it and loved it. \nBrother ordered: Meatballs and Spaghetti - He ate all of it and licked the plate. LOL! \nI ordered: Chicken Parmesan - I ate most of it and thought it was a little salty but good \n\nOur appetizer of Chicken flat bread came late (middle of the dinner). It was so good. It was nice of the waiter to take it off the bill. She did not have it. \n\nOur soups and salads were the same as every visit. Plenty and good. Again I thought my chicken and gnocchi was a tad salty. Maybe it is was me tonight?? \n\nIt was good family times and good laughs...
I was meeting a friend for dinner and she suggested Charr since we were both in that area. Being from the southwest Valley and rarely in that part of town, I had never heard of it, but I'm always willing to try out new places.\n\nI arrived there at 5:30 on a weekday and there were only two people in there. That made me a little nervous, but the place looked nice on the inside and the bartender and hostess were very nice as well.\n\nI ordered a bacon cheeseburger with fries and everything was delicious! The burger was cooked exactly how I ordered. The meat tasted fresh and high-quality. The goodies that come with the burger (lettuce, onions, tomato, etc.) looked fresh and tasty. The fries were equally delicious. They're the thin and crispy type and not greasy at all.\n\nThis little place pleasantly surprised me! If I'm ever in the neighborhood again, I will definitely go back to Charr. Nice staff, good service, reasonable prices, and great food. Can't really ask for more.
Good all the way around. Used Yelp to find something in the area we found ourselves in, and wow! We would have settle for a disappointment just to quickly find something to eat, but we really scored!\nI had the baked penne with marinara bolognese sauce, which is one of the best I have eating in a resturant. \n\nEven if you are just kinda feeling like Italian, don't think, just head over.
This is one of the best lunch deals in all of North Scottsdale. They have a seriously good Polish (Maxwell st. style). They also have comfy booths and a nice relaxing atmosphere.
I love everything about this place!  The location is gorgeous, especially the patio in the summer. The food and margaritas are delicious!  The staff is friendly and engaging.  I highly recommend it.
It was my first time at Smashburger and I have a few great things to say as well as a few things that warrant improvement. First off, it was a Saturday afternoon and it was not too busy (maybe 10 patrons in all). The employees seemed a bit stressed and understaffed although they were trying their very best to do it all. Clean off tables, take orders, bring out orders to customers. It took a long time to get our food, I overheard that they were not prepped properly before the shift so many things weren't quite ready to go. Sadly, the customers were upset waiting and it was hard on the employees because it's not technically their fault. I say this because having worked in the restaurant industry myself for many years I completely understand that if a previous shift did not properly set up for the next shift to come in, it does indeed affect everyone down the line. I also know what it's like when you're doing the best you can but customers still aren't happy. In my case I wasn't in a hurry per se and the cashier was so pleasant and hard working how could you possibly be upset? She apologized for our food taking so long and brought us anything we needed. I give her an A+ for work ethic and attitude, something you don't always see these days. I ordered the black bean burger which was great with the exception that the bun is so tiny my burger fell apart completely. Please get a larger bun or make the patties smaller smashburger :) hint...hint....\nFries with truffle oil were amazing as was the chocolate shake. Yes, I'd totally be back when in the mood for a burger and fries but please staff better and make sure the teams are doing their jobs properly or you'll end up with more unhappy customers over time. This was my first time here and had I not had past experience in hospitality I may have had a different perspective altogether on the day's experience.
Great service, good food.  Very small - it's like eating in NY.
i'll admit that it's usually not a terrible experience. however, tonight was dreadful. if i could give zero stars i would.
Wow!  The special included 3 eggs, ham bacon or sausage, home fries and two pieces of fruit and your choice bread.   I wish I had taken a photo of my plate.  No doubt this will curb anyone's hunger.   The service was impeccable.   I didn't have high expectations coming here, but they quickly made up my mind.
Before I go into why I gave Playa Cabana 2 stars, I'll give credit where credit is due.  The service here is solid... they quickly addressed the first concerns of the inedible octopus but they also asked how my dish was when they clearly saw that I did not finish one taco of the 3 they gave.  So the really nice server we got was good.  If the kitchen followed the lead of the service, you'd have a good Mexican spot... that sadly didnt happen.\n\nOn Dupont which looks more of a quiet residential street of Toronto, you'll find a packed, lively, and crowded Playa Cabana.  You can clearly feel the vibe and sounds coming from the restaurant as you walk through the patio.  There's a buzz of activity from the young servers going between the extra squished tables filled with family or older couples that have bags of Royal Doulton and William Sonoma crowding into the minimal walking area.\n\nThe menu is simple and easy to understand with it looking somewhat reasonably priced... It looks great on the menu till you might get in person and then question the value.  Just a word of caution there.  I should have tempered my expectation on Playa Cabana (even though it is ranked 4 stars) because Carmeka (Chicago yelper before me) mentioned this isnt real Mexican.  After going to Chicago 4 times last year and San Diego the year before, my love for real Mexican is there and this ... isn't it... at all.\n\nGuacamole & chips - Simple guacamole with a side of corn chips.  I would say that the flavour compared to what I've had in San Diego is missing... this is far more bland but adding in some heat from the sauces kicks it up.  Chips are a bit thicker than I've experienced but they're crunchy and not oily.  For $9, I find it a bit expensive for the small amount but then again, avocado prices have jumped so maybe it's at the right price point.  3/5\n\nPulpo Taco (Octopus) 2 tacos - Oh Toronto... please do not tell me you think this is 4 star quality octopus taco.  The octopus given was smaller than the length of the fork tines (about an inch or so) and completely rubber... I took a good 20 seconds with a fork and knife just trying to cut through and only got 80% of the way through.  It's supposed to be tender and yet lightly charred at the last minute grilling to get that flavour ... and this wasn't it. Completely inedible.  Thankfully they took off this bill.  1/5\n\nTacos al Pastor (Pork) - We had this rendition at El Loco Local and though I didnt love that version, I felt this one didn't match up that one.  It's supposed to be tender and flavourful pork with pineapple ... the pork was ok and the pineapple was really mandarin or orange segments that tasted overly sugary and syrupy... as if they were canned or jarred.  It didnt have any balance.  2/5\n\nPescado Baja style Tacos (Battered Fish) - This seems like an odd comment but this fish was way too large for the taco and it was buried under way too much shredded cabbage.  I guess it could look instagram pretty at that level but it made it frustrating to eat.  It has zero balance and flavours werent the focus.  In addition to the fish being 2 times the size of the taco shell, the batter was nearly 2 cm thick in some parts.  Overall, there's no flavour.  At least the fish was cooked through, not greasy, and served hot.  That's the only plus.  I didnt even finish one taco.  2/5\n\nHorchata - I'm not sure if this is housemade but if it is... its has too much water and sugar.  My favourite is from Chicago where its has a wonderful lingering cinnamon taste and sweetened just right.  The rice is supposed to give it a creaminess instead a watery feel.  This wasn't close.  2/5\n\nMaybe we came when their kitchen staff is changing up and learning?  I'm not sure but the recipes here were bland and the execution just left everything inedible.  For $30 per person, we got a lot of inedible food... I'm starting to get the feel that Toronto doesnt do Mexican food well anywhere in our city.
I absolutely love this place. There is not one thing I have tried that I did not like . It's fresh, filling and a healthy option. I look forward to my lunch time everyday because I know I am always in for a treat . The staff is great and the place is super cute . They have amazing garlic fries too and fresh home made hummus is a big plus. They open on weekends now so when I am on call I just swoop in and get my DLish fix- thank you finally a good place to get good food and for a good price !
I went to this place yesterday and was served a buffalo chicken and blue cheese salad. My husband got a bbq brisket sandwich on a pretzel bun with fries. Or food was good, but it wasn't too hot temperature wise. Additionally the brisket sandwich was sliced brisket, so it didn't really blend with the sauce well. Because of this, my husband didn't really easy much of it. We enjoyed the food though, the service was fast and polite. We will definitely be back.
I enjoyed the donuts. They taste better while hot and fresh. The location was clean and I was in and out in a timely fashion. \n\nI was impressed with the cashiers knowledge on the product. I told her it was my first time and she act as if she could care less. I wasn't sure on what was good and had to probe her on the most popular flavors. \n\nOther than that I enjoyed my visit and donuts.
An Indian coworker of mine who was craving a little Chicken Tikka Masala suggested that we check this place out after yelping it, so we headed over one night after work. It was a little hard to find as others have mentioned, but we got there in the end, so no harm, no foul. \n\nA lot of my recent Indian food experiences have been in strip malls, which are about as disasterous as they sound, so I was so thrilled to be able to go, sit down and enjoy my Indian food properly. And enjoy it, I did!\n\nMy coworkers and I started off with the Bread Basket, which our waiter kindly let us mix n' match: we weren't thrilled about the wheat naan, so he let us switch it out for an extra helping of the onion, garlic or plain naan....yippee! All of the naans were great...the onion was probably the one that thrilled me the least, but it's hard to go wrong with naan of any variety, so needless to say that when our food was gone, the naan was as well.\n\nFor our entrees, we ended up going family style and sharing four dishes (for three people): the Chicken Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Makhani and Lamb Vindaloo. They were ALL great...I would order any of them again. But, if I had to choose my favorite, it would be the Chicken Makhani. I REALLY appreciate that they use white, good quality chicken...one of the keys to great Indian food, in my opinion! The Chicken Tikka Masala was also wonderful as well, but spicier than the Makhani. As for the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Biryani, they didn't do it for me quite like the first two but I really have no complaints about them, and devoured them in no time. \n\nThe service wasn't super-quick, but we'll be back. After a great meal, we all agreed that this place could easily become a weekly dining excursion, especially since they have frequent diner cards!! Every time you're there, they put a certain percentage of what you spend on the card, and then you can use it on any future meal. That's fabulous! It's like free money...what's not to love?!
KFC, quite like Taco Bell at 4am, tends to bring out a lot of "eccentric" individuals. It's always interesting to go inside and wait in line at this joint, for reals.\n\nI've gone through the drive through, maybe once, but I really prefer going inside. It's definitely not the epitome of clean establishments, and I've often tried not to look in the back to see what the teenage kid at the fryer is doing - but the food is what you would expect from KFC and the Crispy Strips are my fave. \n\nThe staff is quite nice and my order was taken by the manager the last time I was in - he was super friendly and accomodating. I feel bad giving them a two, but it's just not the best fast food experience I've ever had.
2nd visit and will be back! The food was fantastic and the service phenomenal! Highly recommended!
Food is top notch. Awesome tika masala, aloo naan, paneer and biryani. Great $2 wine on happy hour. \nService may not be five star, or even four, but the meals make up for it. \nIn my humble opinion, basmati rice should be included when ordering an entree dish with sauce, papadum is also something that should be complimentary, as this is the ONLY Indian food restaurant I've ever been to that doesn't offer it. Being cheap isn't a good quality for a restaurant to have. \nBooths, tables and patio seating available, average noise level, basic ambiance. \nI will return for the food only. Perhaps take out is a good option. Hope they rethink their add ons.
Tucked away in a corner shopping center this place was a well kept secret the last year or so.\n\nFresh crisp vegetables, a robust flavorful broth cooked for hours, and hand made noodles in each pho! The time & quality this place puts into their dishes shows when they come out to greet & serve you.\n\nDon't just take THE DUKE'S word for it or maybe you can. Absolutely delish! \n\nTop Picks: #1 #13 BBQ Pork #23
I had Katsu Curry lunch here! The rice was not fulfilling but enjoyable!!
If you go there and play with a red card to earn tickets please keep track of how many you should have when you go redeem them. I've gone there twice and both times I've got ripped off from the machines. I played the bejewelled game and have won more than 1000 tickets (2x Tuesday) when I went to redeem them the machine did not upload them to my card... Had to argue with the manager and tell him the machine was not working properly which I'm sure they are aware of but pretend like they don't know. He finally gave me the tickets afterwards. I will not be purchasing a red card ever again... Complete waist of money and a complete rip off. BEWARE!!
Average pizza.  Sauce and cheese lacks flavor. Dough was crusty and pepperoni was nicely charred.  Not bad-just no wow factor!
I was having such an awful night and my boyfriend convinced me to go out to this place that I have been checking out for a while. I am so glad that I did. The food was amazing, the drinks were on point, and the service was just phenomenal. All the servers were amazing and Anthony caught our hearts and taste buds with his drinks and stories. He made an amazing drink called the beast which everyone needs to try immediately. There is a wall of anime on display with very good music in the background to capture all crowds... That pork belly though... to die for!
My favorite thing about this restaurant is that they try to support local farmers with their food.  Everything tastes like fine cuisine made at home... a perfect balance.  They have a nice small bar too if you want a cocktail or a beer.
In a word, EXCELLENT!  Great food, service, ambiance, portion sizes and price.  Can't ask for more!
I would always hear that Duck Donuts are better than Krispy Kreme. Growing up on KK donuts, I found this hard to believe. Until I tried one of my own!! They're AMAZING!! I love the maple bacon but now that I no longer eat pork, the mint glaze with cookie crumbles, strawberry lemonade, and strawberry shortcake flavors are delicious!! Don't be afraid to try new flavors, you can't go wrong with Duck Donuts! Everything is yummy!
Braised beef noodle failed as they use instant udon noodles, hate the after taste. 2 stars. \n\nAlso had sirloin steak spaghetti, steak is marinated Hk style so it doesn't quite taste like beef anymore, but ok it's tasty. 3.5 stars. \n\nGrouper spaghetti... It's ok. 3.5 stars. \n\nMilk tea is actually quite decent.
Well the Deli meat is decent as are the pastries and bread ..defiantly no complaints on that . HOWEVER the hot table although looks good ...tastes mediocre and the portions are small !! Whoever says best sandwiches in the area  obviously hasn't been around ! \nThe veal sandwiches are small half the size of there competitors in the area ! I mean I guess if the price was half then it would be ok but for the price I think it be the same size ! Just sayin ...\nSome staff is unfriendly mostly the cashiers .\nJust be aware of the portions they give you at the hot table considering your paying premium prices.
The food is just what you would expect from a place called China Buffet. Being that it is right in the university area, there are crowds of people that just want a cheap meal, which isn't really that cheap. This makes the atmosphere very busy and loud. The food is ok, but nothing really special and is definitely not a step above other Chinese buffets. I only give it two stars because our waitress was actually really nice and refilled our drinks very promptly. But if you are looking for good quality food, just go ahead and skip this one.
Super friendly workers and endless possibilities for donuts! I get anxiety about making food choices so I went to their website and had my choices all written down and ready to give. I can't wait to get home and eat mine (it's gonna be a loooong 4 hours)
Awesome gyros. Especially when you're listening to Spyro Gyra. On iTunes.
Thanks for saving the day Maxims! My wife's favorite cake was discontinued & deemed a seasonal cake from my usual spot in Scarborough AND La Roca. Without calling & ordering ahead, I was able to walk in & pick from an assortment of ready made cakes & found a 10" strawberry merengue for way cheaper. Needless to say, I solidified my super hero status on my wife's birthday & I'll be dropping in tomorrow, just because it's a Tuesday. I'd recommend this spot to friends & family for any occasion, thanks again.
I had to see what all the hype was about, and I have never seen made to order donuts in my life. Outstanding is all I can say thanks to my coworker for pointing it out.
Huge selection with decent service. The push cart ladies keep on a pushing with new treats coming to your table non stop.  I forget exactly what I had (I need to start reviewing sooner after my experiences) but everything was tasty.\n\nWhile the service of the push cart ladies are acceptable, the other waiters seemed to just walk around in circles trying to avoid customers. We had to ask 3 different people for water and 10 minutes later we got it.\n\nEven though we ordered too much, we ate it all and ended up paying $16 each, but a decent lunch or dinner could have been had for $10 each.\n\nProbably one of the best places to get Dim Sum in Chinatown.
Had the lunch here during the Asian Heritage Celebration. The food is actually quite good, but we waited more than 30 mins for two orders of food because our order receipt wasn't printed out so they skipped ours. When we expressed our concern to the manager, she just didn't seem to care about our problem, and she actually did not know what's the big deal and just pushed us away. Very BAD dining experience and won't recommende to my friends at all.
Great Indian food in Scottsdale with various luncheon specials!  Exceptional sauces and free Indian tea!!!
Been twice and it was good both time. A little ghetto though because one of the cooks was wearing a garbage bag as an apron. No joke.
My boyfriend and I try this place this week when he was craving him pho. We got sited by the server even though we were doing take out which I thought was very polite. The server was very attentive. The place is so clean I was impressed before even tasting their food. My boyfriend hog the steak pho which was flavorful and I got the house fried rice which I have to say best fried rice I've had here in Phoenix. I encourage you to try this place
Very nice place lunch spot. They have different specials every day (usually it's either veal or different types of pasta). Very good salads and you can add any type of protein to it. Pasta is always fresh and tastes good. And of course most importantly very pleasant people.
Sushi and Vietnamese food?! It's like my foodie dream come true!!! \nWe went tonight for dinner. Probably the first meal I've had and didn't take one pic! Epic fail on my part.  They were pretty busy so that was a good sign. \nWe started with summer rolls and chicken wings. The summer rolls were pretty tasty and love the dipping sauce. Chicken wings were lacking flavor. It comes with the sweet chili sauce. But I feel it needed some seasoning on the chicken itself. They were big pieces of chicken though. \nMeal wise. I ordered the pho tai extra beef and a sushi roll. Husband ordered the sticky noodles and a shrimp tempura roll. \nThe soup broth was ok. Lots of beef. But it was thick sliced and chewy. But $9 for soup? And $4 for extra beef is steep. \nSushi was just okay. Not enough fish for the price we paid. \nOur waitress clearly did not want to be there. She would literally dump our food on our table and run off. She didn't smile once. And just seemed very rude. \nSo overall. I would say they have the viet cuisine down. Sushi is slacking. Could be better.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again. But it's only a few mins from my house.
I love this place.\n\nFriendly staff, EXCELLENT miso, good prices and portion sizes.\n\nI eat here all the time, and only wish they were open on Sundays too!
It's ok, nothing special.  Lackluster character, a little listless and drinks are average.
Tandoori Times is the best indian food in town!!!  We have tried every indian restaurant in phoenix, and always keep coming back to this one.  The food is simply amazing.  Their lamb chops, tandoori chicken, and eggplant dishes are absolutely to die for.  These are dishes that you can find in any indian restaurant, but none come even close to they way they are prepared here.  Its seriously addicting!  If i could  give this place 10 stars instead of 5 i would!!
I went there today and had really great service!!!! They are awesome my waiter came around a few times to ask how we were doing. The food came quick and was really good. I have nothing to complain about. I love going to places where the service is great!!!
Best donuts I ever had. The cake is delicious and does not taste like it was deep fried. The menu is a little confusing therefore ordering takes a little time. Well worth the wait.
Definitely a fan of this place! I have only been there once so far but intend on returning since everything about this restaurant was great. \n\nThe food was very flavorful- im not an expert on Mexican cuisine however, the combinations seemed to work every well and everything I ate that night was delicious! \n\nTake the time to make reservations and come visit ..... it's fantastic!
Love this place!! I especially love their blueberry glaze and their lemon glaze. Their donuts are a cake donut and always taste fresh and are fluffy without tasting like air while also not being dense. The outside is perfectly crisp-- they are pretty much the perfect donut!
People, these pictures do not do these donuts justice. The pictures are beautiful, but the donuts. The donuts are AH-MAY-ZING!!! The donut is light, sweet and fluffy  and is unlike any donut I've ever had. The staff was super helpful and patient. They have great order forms you can use to speed up the checkout experience. \nI can't wait to come back to north Carolina! Please open a location in atl
The salad plates were not chilled... As they usually are it however is a busy night but something's are expected at the olive garden... The food tasted like it was under a hot lamp for so long it tasted almost hard and also under cooked for the seafood... Not a great experience at the olive garden there are certain things expected... The expectations are not that high shouldnt be that hard to do....
It's a little smaller than the Gameworks that was on the strip. \n\nThe food seating area is big and pretty unnecessary. Could add more games as there looks like there's space for them. \n\nI like how there's a PC/gaming area which is nice. Also there's a bowling alley as well. \n\nMe and my friends played some games n stuff. Although there wasn't a lot of games as there was before, we still had fun.\n\nhopefully they add more games or interactive games in the near future like they had in the past.
I don't like this new gameworks! Aside from the fact that I lost my points from the old gameworks, I decided to give it a second chance\n\nVery pricey\n\nBoring games!\n\nOne photo booth,  and extremely pricey!\n\nThe price redemption area is kind of cool, its like a little shop,\n \nIt is a huge "improvement" in technology and actual bowling,  but I miss the old school side of it all n_n  \n\nDidnt even try the bar as the people tending it ignored me and my husband and dismissed us,
The homemade tortilla chips are really fresh and crispy. It's really difficult to hold back from consuming baskets of them. But you MUST leave room for tacos!    \n\nShrimp bucket is another worthy app. Shrimps are tossed in shell in some arbol-garlic butter.They are juicy and buttery with a little kick of heat. They are a little challenging to peel and I found that a lot of the flavour was actually in the shell. The actual meat was not as flavourful as the shell. \n\nThe braised shortrib brisket tacos are an ABSOLUTE MUST! The brisket was soooo tender and juicy with a little hint of sweet. \n \nThe chorizo burrito didn't quite live up the expectations that the braised beef tacos set. It didn't pack the same level of flavour.
Not impressed with Duck Donuts, I've heard good things about it, but my experience was underwhelming.\n\nThey don't have any donuts with filling inside, they just sprinkle things on top, which for me is a minus. Their cinnamon donuts were nothing to write home about. Pretty common taste wise. Customer service wasn't particularly good, the clerk we got wasn't very pleasant, the girls that were preparing our order were talking to each other the whole time. The parking lot was pretty crowded. But what it matters to me most is the taste, the flavor of the donuts which were pretty generic and not distinctive.
I kept driving by this place after moving to the area and decided to check it out. I moved to Charlotte a year ago and I haven't found a great Caribbean place and I wanted to really like this place. Especially being from the Caribbean, I know GOOD Caribbean food and I wanted to like this place even more when I met the guy running it. He was super nice and the restaurant is definitely a typical Caribbean restaurant on the inside if that makes sense. It's super clean. When I went I got the Curry chicken, rice and peas, plantains and Mac and cheese. The Mac and cheese was good, not the best I ever had but really good. The plantains were really good but it's hard to mess that up and the rice peas were good. The curry chicken, however, lacked a lot of flavor. There was little "umph". It just seemed like the chicken could have used more seasoning and the curry they used was very mild. I will say I may go back and check out other menu items and see if there other items that are a bit better.
They have a very good place but the sushi is not prepared the best. It's still very good but needs improvement. The staff are very friendly and accommodating also very cute. Not my number one pick from the bunch but worth the occasional visit. Love their sake and beer as well.
Really love this place! The food is so great! If you like Pho, I totally recommend this ace.
One of my favourite Vietnamese restaurants. I like their specials (spicy soup on the weekend, and stew soup on weekdays). They have good rice dishes and they make their banh cuon on location.
I took fellow yelpers' recs and ordered naan and bengun bhartha while my bf ordered chicken korma. It was all incredible! I've been apprehensive about Indian food after a couple bad experiences 10+ years ago, but Tandoori Times has changed my perspective 180 degrees! I cannot wait to go back! Plus, a majority of the customers tonight were South Asian Indians so you know it's truly good Indian cuisine.
good choice for food court\nThe chicken drum stick is overly grilled and turned black \nMashed potato is good\nCooked veggie reminds me of the food I had back in high school
We never would have tried Pho Linh based on its location and outside appearance -- a bit of a barren stretch on College before Dufferin, the sign reminds of those bad, small town diners that serve frozen fries and hockey puck burgers under guise of "home cookin'".\n\nStill, yelpers recommend it and we thought we'd take a break from Pho Phuong and try a new place.  It helps that it's equidistant from our house.\n\nAmbience is low key, very quiet, no multi-TV distraction (YAY!!!), and clean, though the menus were a bit skuzzy.  I blame the youth of today.\n\nAs we were sitting down, another couple arrived to a chance meeting with apparent acquaintances who had been enjoying a meal:  "You've got good taste in restaurants!" they remarked to their friends.  "This is the place for Pho in TO."  How's that for a first impression upon arriving? \n\nAnyway!\n\nI ordered the S3 and #13, with a bean shake to wash it down.  The server informed that, due to Monday being a holiday (Easter weekend), S3 was unavailable -- he seemed somewhat chagrined, as though he was offending me.  No worries!  I got the Hue style beef pho instead, which is their weekend offering.\n\nHeather went for the ol' standby of noodles, grilled pork, and spring roll with salad (nice greens, no crappy/wilty iceberg lettuce!) and her customary avocado milkshake.\n\nThe soup was very good, tasty though not extraordinary, and came with nice, thick rice noodles rather than the vermicelli style one normally sees -- this pleased me greatly!  I definitely prefer a more robust noodle, so they score points here.  The side of sprouts, basil, limi, and a chili was very generous... which is good, because I usually have to ask for more.\n\nThe banh cuon (I think that's the name) isn't normally my style, but it was good.  The odd little muffin thing topped with a fried shimp was damned tasty (I didn't bother with the shrimp... it was desiccated, though had served its purpose by imparting mucho flavour).  \n\nI have come to realize, however, that I'm just not a fan of Vietnamese style sausage... at least not the spongy, starchy kind served here (and many other places).  They taste good, sure, but it just ain't meat.  I'd feel the same way if I was served a hotdog on the side.\n\nHeather remarked that her dinner was excellent, though she prefers the crispy spring rolls at Pho Phuong -- not because Pho Linh's are somehow lesser, oh no!  Linh's are huge, and crammed with meat.  So if you prefer a meaty roll, definitely try them out here... you won't be disappointed.     \n\nShakes were both excellent, though they were served in plastic takeout cups when we were sitting down to eat (and it was pouring rain outside...).  Weird.  Ah well -- we'll ask for glass next time.\n\nFinally, I've noticed a few people have questioned the service here.  We found it very fast, friendly, and good.  Absolutely no complaints there whatsoever.  Maybe it falters when it's busy... but it was A-OK this time around!\n\nAll in all we were quite pleased with our experience -- I tried a couple things I wouldn't normally order, so won't pass judgement based on the things I didn't care for (the sausage, for example).  We'll definitely be back, in particular because I want to try their basic chicken pho.  If they roast their chicken and the broth is good I'll consider switching my go-to Pho joint!\n\n*** Accepts Cash Only ***
I have been here several times but today was a disappointment.  The apps were very good however we had to send the mains back. The pappardelle bolognese were terribly undercooked, we could stand the noodles on its end.  Also the veal parmigianno's taste was also off, slightly stale breading.
In comparison to other local donut shops, Duck Donuts is my least favorite. The owner is great, and overall the service and donuts are as well. Only issue is that it's just 1 king of plain donut with different types of toppings. I prefer actual variety of donuts to choose from like Joes Doughs or Your Moms Donuts in Matthews.
Food was great. Had the portobello. Yummy!! Service was great. Was a little concern from reading previous reviews!! Only thing is that happy hour is limit to bar and patio and till 5. Place was empty at 6.  Will go again!!
Moved to this area about a year ago and have gone to this LC's off and on, since it's the closest to our house. We will now go out of our way to go to a different LC.\n\nThis one is generally run by teenagers, who neither care nor know what customer service is. \n\nThis one Never does their crazy bread right! Forgive me, but it is Supposed to have cheese actually On it correct? Barely ever has Any cheese and that's a year worth of observation.
We had our 6 year olds birthday party here. The party room, host and food was excellent. The birthday party included an hour of free game play for the kids. The party room had TV's on with sports as well as music. Our experience was excellent!
Best dim sum I can find downtown. Always a great experience and great food. Would give more stars but it's not the best I've had (although close). The best I've had is Perfect Chinese Restaurant in Scarborough. \n\nBut for a good price on great dim sum - this is the best downtown has to offer.
I have been coming here for years because I love it so much! Their good is soooo good! I always get teriyaki chicken stir fry and it always is fantastic. They also have great spring rolls and lo mein. If you ever are in the mood for dessert, try their key lime pie! It's amazing!!
Very authentic Italian Trattoria.  My father is law is Italian and knows his food.  He was speaking to the entire waitstaff in Italian and was laughing the whole time.  He was very impressed with everything except the Osso Bucco which he rates as average.  Family owned and run.  A great neighborhood find.  We will ba back many times I am sure.
The food is really good, but they did have an unreasonable waiting time- probably an hour before our food came and it wasn't even that busy. In fact, a few people left because it took so long for their food to come out. In short, quality food but bad waiting time.
I've visited twice so far, and it's my favourite new haunt. The tea selection is astounding, and the "posh crackers and cheese" make a nice snack, too. There's a nice, diverse board game selection, and they're categorized by genre, difficulty, duration, and number of players, which is very helpful when choosing. Extremely cozy atmosphere, and the owners are very friendly.
Arcade fun that ranks up there with the best Vegas has to offer, with the price tag to match. I could easily end the review here and feel like I covered the very basic gist of what this place is all about, but allow me to get a bit more in-depth-- starting with a very short background story. \n\nGameWorks is no stranger to Sin City, having held open a Strip-side location that saw early success, but ultimately couldn't make ends meet. After a substantial hiatus, they once again returned, this time making their home in Town Square. \n\nAfter enjoying this location since its opening, I can safely say this was mutually a good decision on their part-- for myself and their business. Traffic rarely wanes during the summer, even on weekdays. The location itself is more suited for locals since parking is easier to come by than the Strip location, and traffic is far less of an issue. The single-level design of the arcade might be a point of contention for quite a few who knew the old GameWorks, but I find it a lot easier to navigate.\n\nThe games themselves are decently maintained, not to the scope that certain Round 1s I've been to are, but enough that on any given day that few machines, if any, will ever be out of service during operating hours.\n\nThe staff are generally attentive to most needs in my experience, but things of that nature are VERY different between person to person and your mileage will vary.\n\nPrices for menu and bar items are about what you'd expect. The menu has improved quite a bit over time, but the options wouldn't be enough to entice the truly picky from other offerings within walking distance. It's bar food for casual bites, not a Zagat-rated establishment.\n\nThe hidden jewel of this place, however, is not the bowling alley, restaurant area, Dark Ride or the redemption counter-- it lies within the E-Sports center. Rows of consoles and gaming PCs await to satisfy the needs of more at-home gamers, with frequent community events for certain games to give the place a sense of being a hub for all that's happening in the world of competitive gaming. Of all the areas in this arcade, this one has always felt the most welcoming too.\n\nAll that, and you can order food and alcohol in the E-Sports area (provided you are of legal age).\nImagine all of the drunk Mario Kart games you could have with your friends...\n\nAll in all, GameWorks has become a bit of a cornerstone in the gaming scene here, and it's not going anywhere. With its central location, great entertainment options and cozy E-Sports center, it's well-suited for players of all levels, casual and competitive.
This place is awesome!  Not just Japanese food.  Such variety and attention to detail.  Wide variety of sake and Asian beers.  $7 dollar lunch specials pho and bento boxes.  Soooo clean inside.  One of my favorite places to eat.
Four of us had lunch there and it was awful. The vegetarian menus had meat in it and my vegetarian lunch had meat sauce in it. It makes me sick just thinking about it. The tea cups smelt like bleach. Over all a terrible experience
I ate here a long time ago...And once again this past week. The staff is UBER Friendly!!! I have had better food, but still good when in the area.\n\nCan not say enough about the service, it's always been "Spot On!"
Excellent Mexican food, I think as good as it gets in Toronto, but good luck getting a seat. It's very small, so even making reservations you will see that space is very limited. Once you're in try everything, you will not be disappointed. Do not go without a reservation. Even their other location is just as busy.
Very good fries, very good house baked pretzel buns, good beer list on tap and bottle, blueberry bread pudding with whiskey sauce was amazing. Service was fast and nice enough. Only letdown was the burger itself? Underwhelmed by the pizza burger. Everything else was good.
I have been to some damn nice hotels so it gets hard to compare after a while.  Everyone starts with a 3 and if you kick ass to another level in all regards (W Barcelona, St Regis Mumbai) then and only then do you get a 5.  But Sheraton Great Valley gets a super high fist bump for their excellent service.  Rocco is chill AF to go sit and talk to at the bar (basically any night of the week). Tom will give you a warm welcome and be super polite while doing it.  After a few months at this hotel I really enjoyed shooting the shit with him.  Carrie is the absolute best.  She is the manager and once went as far as helping me do my laundry when the machine was broken.  This is definitely going above and beyond. \n\nFood at the bar is ... okay at best.  Wings are solid. \n\nSuite upgrades come with a hot tub.  Unfortunately I was usually working too much to take full advantage of it. The beds are pretty comfy (pillows could be better).  The loyunge has a pretty decent breakfast and free drinks during the evening hors d'ouvres hour, yayyyy!!!! As a heads up, I have had wifi issues here.  That is something that could definitely be improved. \n\nI know some people in the area stay at the Marriott in Malvern.  After one week there, the Sheraton was clearly the better option.
This location is not consistant with the quality of their food. I always split a chicken alfredo with my BF and lately it has been coming out dry. Thier portions also change, sometimes it seems like we get more than other times. The service is usually ok with the exepction of an older waitress who was so rude. She basically threw the dishes on the table and had an unpolite obnoxious voice. My BF spilled his drink and she didnt even offer napkins or help clean it up. Instead she tried making jokes about brining him a kids cup with a lid several times. I regret not complaining to the manager but figured she wouldnt last. From now on I will go out of my way to another location for better food and service.
The food here is amazing! The chef came out to greet us and made sure our tasty food was great! I recommend this place to everyone! Our 16 month old enjoyed the noodles as well!
Every year I have a tradition of hiking the trails of the Springs Preserve when ghosts, goblins, wicked pumpkins, and other haunted creatures adorn the park. I never got to experience the nightime Haunted Harvest. Knowing that I was going to be in the park all day, I decided to have lunch in the park's Divine Cafe. \n\n   My expectations of theme park /cultural center food is convenience over quality. However, Divine Cafe exceeded my expectations. It wasn't really a shock because I had been there before to enjoy a beverage. The restaurant did have a positive vibe. Heidi Knapp Rinella in her September 25, 2014 Review Journal article "Springs Preserve's Divine Cafe True to its Name" says it best:\n\n       "The Springs Preserve doesn't have to have\n        a cafe. But, like the preserve, it sure makes\n        life a lot nicer."\n\n  As soon as you exit the elevator or climb the steps above the gift shop, you enter a divine space. Your eyes immediately overlook the counter and football field of tables, chairs, and even sofas toward the glass walls with one of the most divine views in Las Vegas. This is a divine vista including a panorama of the Downtown Las Vegas skyline with the Stratosphere and Las Vegas Strip skyline framing the open spaces of dessert and wetlands. When it comes to eating with a view, Divine Cafe is a jackpot. The two places to enjoy the view are from inside and the patio. The inside is like a glass house where many tables are front row.\n\n  Ordering is relatively easy. There are menus outside and at the entrance. I ordered the burger with fries and a fountain beverage. After a Yelp check-in offer for a free beverage with an entree it came to less than $11. The burger was made of the finest ingredients. This was a thick burger with tomatoes, bacon, mayo, and provolone cheese. The fries were plentiful and flavorful. The bottomless cola was refreshing. The condiments on the table made dining a better experience. \n\n  I was impressed with the service. Immediately the friendly lady greeted me when I walked inside. When I asked if the burger included cheese, she mentioned the four choices the menu omitted. She happily accepted my Yelp check in offer. Minutes after I put my number on the table, a friendly man brought my food to the table. He also cleaned up the plate. Another aspect of good customer service is confidence that no funny stuff is going on with my food. Divine Cafe has an open kitchen where I could see my food being made. Likewise, I know that it is being freshly made. On another note, Divine Cafe is especially clean. To my olfactory scent, the bathroom smelled more like the scented air in the Aria than a public restroom.\n\n   Just like Springs Preserves, Divine Cafe provides a terrific experience at a great price. I was very impressed. Hopefully one day I could make their Thursday Happy Hour and take in the sun going down over the panoramic vista of Downtown and the Las Vegas Strip. Or maybe I'll return for their new weekend brunch. Until then, I will reward Divine Cafe with a review of four stars that says "I'm impressed! "
Fresh wrap was good.\nBut the pho, was horrible! Leaves a stale taste in my mouth, full of fat hardly any meat.... service was fast, but communication needs improvement.\nWe ordered soup with no beef balls and more MEAT! Instead we got all fat and cartilage.\nNo thanks
Visited Playa Cabana for the first time this week with a group of 6. They seated us right away (made a reservation the day before and they were able to accommodate us). \n\nThe server was great - so attentive, not pushy. Food came out hot and was delicious.\n\nWe ordered the ceviche, nachos and sausage appetizer to start. The ceviche was to die for!\n\nFor a main I had the fish burrito which was massive but delicious. My friends ordered fish tacos, short rib tacos, and chicken burritos, and everyone enjoyed.\n\nThey had made a mistake about one of our orders, and when I mentioned it, the server was so apologetic, and insisted on making me a new one. I said it wasn't a problem, I was full from appys anyways, and she insisted on taking it off the bill.\n\nNot only that, but they came out with free gelato for the table AND tequila shots for the entire restaurant!\n\nThe only reason this is a 4 and not a 5 star is the place was crowded and we sat at an awkward high-top table where people kept bumping in to us. \n\nOtherwise, great time, would definitely recommend!
The food is relatively good. The fries are the best. What I eat most from here are the gyros which I think they are stingy on the amount of meat you get for the price that you pay, but hey it could just be me. It's an ok restaurant, check it out!
My first visit, but certainly not my last.  The service was fantastic, matched only by the great food.  Each day has four or five luncheon specials.  If you're unfamiliar with a dish, your waitress will explain it in detail. You can't go wrong with any.  I can't wait to get back.  Thank you Tandoori Times!
Came here to meet a friend for lunch and I was very disappointed. We ordered biryani rice (not bad but not great either) coconut chicken, chicken tikka masala, and garlic naan. After waiting 20 min we got our food, the chicken dishes were lukewarm at best and there was no flavor difference between the 2 dishes. I had asked for my masala to be spicy but there was no spice whatsoever! The garlic naan had so much garlic on it that it was like biting straight into raw garlic!!!! We waited another 20 min to get our check since our server was nowhere to be found. I finally had to go to the bar to get the check. Do not come here if you want authentic Indian cuisine!!!!!
Have been there 3 times now. We had two of the smaller happy hour apps to start, samosa and the shrimp. Both were great. Happy drink deals were good, had the vodka lassi, good and inexpensive. For dinner we had the tikka masala lamb and coconut chicken, tried a variety of their naan, all were fresh and delicious, favorite is still the plain naan but you can't go wrong with any of them. Service was excellent, really made us feel like they were grateful that we were there. \n\nRecommendation: go durning happy hour and start off with a couple apps and drinks. Being Indian cuisine, most of the dishes have a fantastic spicy flavor; unfortunately my wife doesn't share this same sense of taste, you can request that they keep the spice to a minimum if you can't handle it.
YUM!!! Why don't more people talk about this place?! I think it's because they want to keep it a "hidden" gem... no other reason I can think of, because I'd be bragging about my amazing donuts. \nMaple bacon is always a solid choice. \nThe strawberry was just a tiny bit too sweet for my liking. The marshmallow drizzle topping helped even it out. \nHonestly, I don't think you can go wrong here. Prices are low and the donuts are seriously delicious.... I'm even going to go as far as to say better than the cult following favorite VooDoo Donuts (gasp!)\nThe donuts here are like a buttery funnel cake. Super flavorful, moist, and delicious. A perfect donut. Don't miss it if you're in town!!
Located on the south side of the Dundas St strip in Chinatown, this place has undergone several name changes over the past few decades. \n\nPlace is pretty clean. Haven't seen any bugs so far and that's a good sign. \n\nWhether you are coming here for lunch or dinner, the food is consistently good. \n\nFor dinner, the fresh fish and lobster is good. \n\nIf you love dim sum, it's available all day. The food can be order or via the traditional dim sum cart where the ladies generally don't speak English. \n\nService is usually quick unless you get caught behind a bunch of people from a tour.
Restaurant review:\nLook for gyros in Champaign, you can choose Niro or Zorba's as the most popular restaurants around, but on my recent lunch visit I was not that impressed. This location is right in the middle of campus and is super busy during lunch hours. We arrived before the rush and easily found a table, but if you come late, good luck. There is no large menu on the wall, but rather a menu at the table where you order which is sort of annoying as you can hold up the line if you are waiting to order or the menu along the wall. There are daily specials which is posted on the sign outside. Today Tuesday was dollar off classic gyro or 1/2 price fries. Other than that the combos are about 7-8 dollars a pop. This is where it falls short. The fries that come with the combo is a very small portion. I can't imagine that it is just a small helping of fries on a little serving basket. Usually that is a highlight when you go to gyro restaurants because it adds to the grease appeal. Additionally, they are quite stingy with the meat, i.e. they actually weigh and measure how much gyro meat you are getting. I have never been to one where you can get 4 different sizes of gyro meat. Overall a little disappointing. I can't say the large was very filling for me.. but who knows. One plus is that they have a dispenser for yogurt sauce so you can douse your gyro to your heart desire. \n\nPro: fast service, self service no need to tip\n\nCons: limited seating, very small fries portion, personally the gyro sizes that are measured seems a little stingy come on...\n\nHidden gem:\n1. You can use the belly card to earn points toward free items\n2. Daily specials\nMonday- Medium gyro, sm greek salad, pepsi 8.25, large greek salad and pepsi 6.25\nTuesday- 1 dollar of gyro and 1/2 price fries, 1 dollar off veggie sandwiches\nWednesday- 1/4 lb beef hot dog, fries, and pepsi 6 dollars\nThursday- BBQ pulled pork, fries, pepsi 7 dollars\nFriday- Fish sandwich, fries, pepsi 7.50
Nice dining area al fresco.  Birds singing and great overview of park and city. Children's meal was perfect portion sized.  Vegan wrap and fries were tasty and delicious.  Friendly and accommodating staff.
Food was decent but they really need to clean up their parking lot, trash everywhere. Gives off a bad vibe when you're sitting in the drive thru waiting on your food.
OpenTable let me make a Sunday brunch reservation for today at 11:00.  Imagine my surprise when we arrived and they informed us--EXTREMELY rudely--that they opened at noon.  There was no apology or discussion as I offered to show her the confirmation email. \n\nI urged the woman who was working to update the OpenTable page and she rolled her eyes as she closed the door.  It was sort of a sad moment as Santa Barbara Catering did our wedding...at the art museum...and we were really looking forward to this brunch.
Laconi's is Great Authentic Italian.  Went with a group of 8 and had a table in the dining room. Our waitress was outstanding and so was the food. Pizza was just as I remember it as a kid , and the cheese ravioli  and spaghetti and meatballs was excellent as well as we all sampled a little bit of each. With a carafe of house chianti, as good as it gets.. Will definitely be back!
I am no expert in italian beefs but i thought this place was pretty mediocre. I know theres's 3 major componets to the italian beef. The bread, beef and giardiniera.\n\nI ordered an italian beef with sweet peppers, which i think was the giardiniera but not sure? The bread was alright had a good crunch to it, the beef was moist but pretty bland and the giardiniera was week with little or no flavor. \n\nI thought giardiniera was supposed to be spicy with a vinegery bite and was really looking foward to that on the italian beef. \n\nOn another note I had a bite of my girlfriends chicago dog and thought that was pretty amazing! The hot dog itself was great, natural cased with great flavor. \n\nOverall i thought Lukes was pretty good but i would recommend not getting the italian beef. Just stick with the chicago dog.
I've been going here for years but will never go back now. They had a special BOGO on sushi (2nd roll of equal or lesser value free). We ordered four rolls $14, $13, $6, and $5. Bill came and they gave us the $6 and $5 roll free. I told them that I wanted to buy the $14 roll and get $13 free and likewise with the others. \n\nManager came to our table and just kept repeating that their interpretation of the offer was different than ours. Then she walked off and said she was calling the cops! This was outrageous. \n\nI then requested they split our check with the $14 and $13 roll on the separate check. They continued to refuse and the manager actually called the cops. I didn't have time to wait for them to arrive, so I had to pay what they forced me to. Overall not a great dining experience.
2 stars for good food but crappy service. \n\nI was raised on Indian food, and know what I like. I heard that Tandoori  times was a great restaurant, so my boyfriend and I decided to eat there a few weeks back. I had been looking for a new Indian restaurant and was excited to try it out. \n\n The restaurant was busy, and we waited about 5 minutes until a table was available.  We were seated on the patio behind a pillar (bad idea). Our server came over after a few minutes to take our drink order.  He came back with our drinks, and we were unsure as to what we wanted to order for dinner but we ordered the aloo tikki to start. \n\nThe appetizer took a long time to come out (about 20 minutes) and our server didn't come back to take our order until shortly before our appetizer arrived.  We ordered the bengun bhartha and chicken curry with garlic naan. \n\nAnother 20 or so minutes went by after we were finished with our appetizer before we saw our server again. He set our dishes down and asked if we wanted anything else. I asked if we could have a side of rice because I just guessed that he had forgotten it, or it was on its way as all Indian places I have been to serve rice as an accompaniment to dishes. \n\nI told my boyfriend I didn't want to eat my meal without rice, so I waited about 10 minutes.... no rice... our server continued serve other tables and walk away before my boyfriend could flag him down. Finally, I decided to not let the already mildly cool food get colder, so I reluctantly began eating. \n\nThe curry tasted great and was well spiced.  I also loved the bengun bhartha (I have only found one place that makes it the way I like it). \n\nAfter we were done eating the two dishes, the server finally came over (no rice in hand) to ask how our meal was.  My boyfriend politely asked for boxes, our rice to go (since they seemed to be still cooking it), and the check.  We waited another 5 or so minutes to get our bill, and the server says, "don't worry about the rice.... it's on me"  WHAT?? WE ACTUALLY HAVE TO PAY EXTRA FOR RICE???? \n\nMy boyfriend got up and went looking for the manager. He spoke to the hostess and found out the manager had stepped away, but she called and spoke to him. My boyfriend explained our experience, and how it was our first time dining there. The manager said that we would either wait for him to return, or the hostess could take 15% off our bill.  Not wanting to wait any longer for anything else, my boyfriend just asked for the discount. \n\nThe food was great, but the service was crap. Absolute crap. Unfortunately, due to that first impression, I don't want to go back.
Used the Groupon's for family members was the best choice to kill a day we didn't have much planned. It was worth it. Friendly staff and food was surprisingly good. Little on the higher priced side of food and drinks, but it was convenient. Good games options all around. Total spent was $150 for all day play. $20 each Groupon x 5 = $100 and $50 bucks on two appetizers and drinks.
Right now, I'm grateful for the open kitchen concept . I just watched cook batter my order of fried pickles with his bare hands. I cancelled my order and I'm sure to never eat here. Unbelievable!
Fun little place around Dupont and Davenport.\n\nWe had Guaca & Ceviche as apps. Both very good. Guaca had a great little spicy kick to it too.\n\nWe then had pescada tacos+ the tacos al pastor. The tacos were bigger or at least fuller than expected, but the quality was still there so good bang for the buck.\n\nOf all the Mexican restaurants I've been to this is one of the best. The place is small so reserve! It's cramped but a fun cramped, like you're all part of the same big party visiting your new Mexican in-laws at a big pre wedding dinner! Except there we no Mexican nationals there to my knowledge, but you can imagine.\n\nOverall a worth the visit.
Lots of parking, but may be crowded on some days.  No need to pay the park entrance fee to eat at the cafe.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting.  Wonderful view of the city and the park.  Inside and outside dining.  The food is pretty good.  Employees are friendly.  The manager dropped by to check on things and say hello.  Prices are a little high, but not bad.  Daily specials are served in a bento box.  The menu is designed with sustainability in mind.  Busy lunch crowd.  My favorite part of this experience is the atmosphere.
I am guilty of selfishness, I know. I didn't want to review this place for the longest time to keep it secret, but I guess now after a 100 smth review the secret is officially out. Yes, it's true. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!\n\nReserve your table!!! It not easy to get in.\nIf you manage to get in, order without looking at a menu: guaca fresca and a bucket of Negra Modelo, then relax a look at the menu.\nMy personal favorite is seafood and steak burrito that comes with two amazing sauces and is huge so sharing is recommended. Add some corn on the cob to that and you're set for a Mexicana adventure Toronto style. Enjoy!
Terrible service and frozen-dim-sum-like quality food!  \n\nService:\nEven for Chinatown standards this place's service is bad! Carts couldn't get to us (which is fine b/c we were seated in a bad location and it was a busy afternoon).  In such a case ladies would make a decent effort to ask if you wanted anything or the waitresses would take your order and get us food.  Here, no one asked us and the waitress refused to take our order saying that's not her job.  \n\nThen when we finally got food at our table the same waitress moved a dish off the table towards my friend while she had her chopstick in the steamer saying to get out of her way while she cleared out table.  At this point I lost it and told her off and asked for the manager.  The manager finally came and I gave her a ear full and then some but to no avail. \n\nFood:\nIf service bad and food is ok then that's ok, but if service and food are bad then hell-to-the-no-way!!!!  The dim sum tasted like the frozen ones you get from the supermarket.  We ordered the usual fair and one of the dishes that came was RANCID (I kid you not).  Finally I saw the worst possible thing, they recycle the sauces.  We ordered fried shrimp dumplings that had mayo for dipping sauce.  We had a lot left over and when they cleared the plate I saw the lady recycle our mayo back onto another plate - disgusting or what?  \n\nBottom Line:\nDon't go unless you want to pay for people to treat you bad and overpay for frozen dim sum.
I was thoroughly impressed with this place. Like many here have said their rice rolls (#12 on the menu) were amazing - they reminded me of how my mom used to make them. I had their weekend special spicy pho and loved it. It really hit the spot and left me thoroughly satisfied. Not crazy about their spring rolls - I find them over fried. Will be back.
Italian restaurant meets hole in the wall bar. Grab a draft beer and enjoy an episode of Family Feud. You won't hear crickets due to lack of customers, but you might overhear other tables conversations. Not the largest, aesthetically pleasing restaurant, but the food is a 10 on the Chef Gordon Ramsa scale. \n\nI ordered a grilled chicken salad....can't really mess that order up. No complaints. My husband ordered a meatball sub and he basically devoured the entire thing in two bites. A server passed by with a large pizza and both our eyes exploded. Boy did we mess that ordered up. Will be back about 10 beers deep so I can get my hands on that pizza. \n\nI was happy to find out they deliver all over the Falls. Total game changer.
I can't figure out how this place could ever get anything less than 5 stars!\nThe owners and servers are wonderful!\nThe servers are attentive and we never had to wait for drinks or our next course.\nThe food is unbelievable so delicious.\nOur new favorite Italian restaurant!\nEven as it became busy and crowded the service remained consistent.
It's a nice addition to the neighbourhood. This location used to be a local pub that kind of lost its way, now Chula moved in. The food is good, I had the pork, rice, corn and bean dish. My partner had beef brisket burrito.  His dish was good, he loved it, mine na not so much, it was hearty but missing something and I think it was sour cream. They may want to offer that as a side or add it entirely. We also had drinks, I had 2 beer and my partner had a beer and a mojito. When we received the bill we were a bit taken back, $67.00  before tip. Considering the portion size and two drinks each that's pricey. I wish them well because I think they're on to something in the neighbourhood however I think their prices may eventually hurt their business. Give them a try and see what you think.
I was in Fort Mill and jonesing for some pad thai. My friend suggested Red Bowl since they have a variety of Asian cuisine. I stopped in to order take out and there were only two other tables in there. They told me it would be 5 minutes and brought out my order in less than that so that left me optimistic!\n\nWhen I got home, the pad thai portion was huge! I'm talking probably enough for 3 servings but the flavor really didn't sing to me. It tasted good but nothing special so I had to add a bunch of sriracha and black pepper.  The food is definitely not authentic and unmemorable  but decent if you want a quick fix.
I'm from the Outer Banks which is where the original Duck Donuts is located. You can imagine my excitement when I heard that Duck Donuts was opening up in Charlotte! The quality of these donuts still holds true. I never eat more than one donut as they are quite filling, but my favorite is the maple icing donut with bacon pieces on top. The donuts have a cake-like consistency and are always warm and fresh!
I went there for dinner on a Friday night and was able to quickly grab a table, despite the bar area being packed. The vibe was very chill and the drinks were VERY stiff--you know, the one and done kind of drink. It took the server a while to get to my table, but I wasn't in a hurry. \n\nAfter placing our order, the drinks and appetizer (yuzu fries!) came quickly. The entrees (vegan Buddha bowl, Bourbon chicken bowl) came out about halfway through the appetizer; perfect timing imho. Our server was pleasant and attentive, yet not over the top. \n\nOne thing I think would make this place a little better, is if tofu/seitan/tempeh was available as a protein for vegan/vegetarian dishes. But overall, this place was great!\n\nSo, if you are into late 90s-early 2000s punk music and yummy rice bowls, this is the place for you.
The donuts come fresh, flavorful and yummy! I had the strawberry & a plain glazed and they were absolutely wonderful.
Came today for my 16th birthday and I absolutely loved it. The ambience was very nice and chill, definitely the perfect setting. I enjoyed every part of my experience here--from the service, which was excellent, to the food, which was incredible. The hostess and waiter were both so friendly and patient, and I was extremely satisfied with the food!
Terrible service and horrible food. I ordered the carnitas enchiladas and the meat was served dry and burnt. It looked and tasted like it had been made previously and refried before serving it to me. \n\nI love Tequila and all throughout Toronto I felt that the pours have been small. I can understand this due to the cost of importing it. I am willing to pay more to have it and it really upsets me when I would like to give a restaurant my money and I can not receive any service. It also upsets me when I order a drink, never receive it but it ends up on my final bill. And when I politely dispute the incorrect charge it really bums me out when the server argues the point with me. All of the above occurred at Playa Cabana. It was kinda like getting kicked when I was already down.\n\nAs you see from my reviews, I sparingly give a 1 star review. It was an upsetting offensive dining experience. Avoid at all cost if you are a lover of Mexican food and Tequila.
Oh Gameworks! I have been here a couple of times but I finally got to try the food and drinks. The food wasn't bad at all. We had a sliders trio and loaded fries! Our alcoholic drinks (blueberry martini and Moscow mule) were terrible and tasted like rubbing alcohol. The prices for the food was reasonable.\n\nOn to the games:\nThey have this crazy LAN center that takes up way too much space. This place is always crowded and none of the games are available and when they are they are sooooooo fun!\n\nOverall, this is a cute date night place and stray away from the drinks unless it's a beer :)
Pretty solid little bar good food  the service is good definitely not a place for kids but people still bring them lots of beer on tap and a 21 and over patio so grab some friends and come drink cheap beer and eat some above average bar food
I stayed here this past January for a weekend, and there was a power outage at 4am on Saturday morning. It woke me up because it was 20 degrees in my room. I walked down the stairs at 4am, and went to the front desk. I asked what the plan was; I could not sleep in a room that is 20 degrees. They said they had no plan. Whaaat?!? They didn't offer me an extra blanket- nothing. They advised me to go back upstairs and 'try to get some sleep'; my body will not sleep when it's arctic temperatures. I will never stay here again.
One of Toronto's best restaurants. I have spent a lot of time in Mexico and the food at Playa Cabana is on point for authenticity. Do not listen to the bad review. Everything on the menu is delicious! I've tried a number of dishes on the menu and each item has been better then the last. In the summer they have an avocado and tomatillo gazpacho that's out of this world. The only thing that may be a drawback for some people is that the place is small and loud - not a problem for us at all. Make reservations and be on time! This place is super busy. Check out more food reviews at www.thetomatosnob.com
Very happy that Barrio added this location! They have such incredible food and a fun atmosphere  \nThe past couple times I've been in, there have been problems with their frozen margaritas but other than that, I would 100% recommend this location! \nVery good options for vegetarians too! Try the mushrooms  for a unique twist!
Good tasty flavorful pho broth!  Spring rolls are tasty too  definitely coming back! Nice and clean.
This place is awesome. Stayed at the worldmark across the street and this was our go to spot after coming back from the strip. Food is good, drinks are great, and the bartenders are awesome. I will definitely go back there next time I'm in Vegas.
This is some incredibly tasty and greasy food. I walked around like a confused tourist for a moment while looking for the menu. I'm pretty indecisive so I would prefer a menu that wasn't taped to the counter where you order. Being able to peruse a bit would have been nice. Even so, I ordered a falafel with feta and jalapenos and it was fantastic. Even the fries were delicious and I'm just not a potato fan. The biggest pro - They have a tzatziki dispenser! Most places charge you for extra and considering condiments are the highlight of my meal, this was fantastic! I also thought the gyros were delicious although it is tough to mess that up I think. The price is great, you can eat here for just about $5.
Memories of LA! We were a party of 6 so we got to sample many offerings. The off menu special was Lobster tacos with generous portions of lobster chunks. Great place hidden within a residential neighborhood. Can't wait to lounge on the patio and try the new location I am told will be on Dupont and Avenue.
They left our breadsticks and refused to send anyone up to deliver them. Do not order from them.
What happened here? I have been lots of times in the past and it was incredible. I even used to recommend it to others. I went in tonight we were seated right away and the hostess even brought us water. We then began waiting. It took the waitress about 15 minutes to even ask if we wanted something to drink and take our order. We never saw her at our table again. Other tables just not ours. When our food arrived it was incorrect they forgot my bacon. The previously delicious garlic buns are now cold, dry and tasteless. Our fries were cold. We didn't have any silverware so we had to wait. We were asked if we would like mayo, we were like yes finally. We she brought the mayo, one little cup for our whole table, she basically dropped it off and left before we could even say anything else. Then we didn't see anyone again until we were ready to leave. We got no refills on our drinks, No one even asked us how everything was, nothing. It saddens me that I have lost what used to be a terrific restaurant, but I have never been treated so rudely. Even bringing the check nobody said another word to us. No wonder there were so many empty tables.
We stopped before leaving the museum for a salad and the warm brie, the food was delicious, however the service was slow as molasses, we were left sitting for long amounts of time before placing our drink order, placing our food order and then while waiting for the food, which was not elaborate.  I've sat at the bar before and just had drinks and that usually goes great so I didn't expect such long waits in the nearly empty dining room.
I would give 4.5 if I could\n\nI always go here for banh cuon, probably one of the best I've had. 5/5\n\nMy boyfriend LOVES their bun bo hue.\n\nAside from that their durian milkshake is amazing.\n\n\nThis place can get REALLY crowded, and is cash only.\n\nNice people working there as well!
I came here on a Friday night for a date and scored a lovely nook where we got to play games and recline on pillows to chat. Very chill atmosphere and the moroccon mint tea I had was lovely. They have an extensive tea list so there is sure to be something for everyone. My date had a salad which he said was fine and I had the daily curry which was a lentil sweet potato curry. The curry was decent but the pita that it came with was the star for me, it was chewy with raisins that was a sweet contrast to the curry. Overall, I really liked the atmosphere and after 9ish it started getting quite packed. I would definitely come back for a visit!
This was our first time here, and we really enjoyed ourselves.  We ordered a fried sushi roll that was called a "pop," and it was served skewered.  The fish was fresh and the batter light, buttery, and delicious.  We also tried the tempura calamari, which was also lightly battered, crunchy, and made with fresh calamari.  The dipping sauce was like a spicy aioli.  Nice.  We finished our evening with a rice noodle dish with pork and shrimp.  The noodles were perfect, and the meat savory and tender.  I really liked the lemongrass sauce that came with the noodles dish.  It was a perfect light compliment to meat, veggies, and basil garnish.  The wait staff were very attentive.  We had a young lady named Darcie serve us, and she was watchful but not overbearing.  I noticed the other wait staff were friendly, and they checked in on us too.  We did not order drinks but instead opted for green tea, which was nutty and tasted fresh.  The menu was immense, and I think I will return to try more of it at another time.
The taste here was horrible. Place seemed dirty. I wouldn't go back here.\n\nThe advantage is they open late. And the staff speak English.
Great doughnuts.  Make sure to get at least half a dozen to try different combinations.  Each one was great and I will definitely be back.\n\nEven good if you bring them home and reheat them
I have to say that Genna and Sandee are a dynamic design duo!  Their talents compliment each other nicely.  I went to Good Dae to have some t-shirts designed for my friends 50th birthday.  I told Sandee a little about my friend what she likes, what she's into and what she says.  I was totally blown away with the design she came back with.  It was my friend to a "T" (pun intended).  It's like Sandee has known my friend for years!!    The t-shirts are super soft, great quality and fit true to size.  If you want a custom designed shirt, Good Dae is your place!  I HIGHLY recommend Genna and Sandee!
Best donuts I've ever had in my life. They're always warm & literally melt in your mouth every single time.
2.5/5, +.5 for service\n\nThe long anticipated stall that used to be Toro Sushi has finally opened. After passing by this place at least 10 times a week, I finally saw the open sign lit on Tuesday. Since I was busy yesterday, I decided to wait until tonight to eat here. For 9pm, this place was ridiculously busy. However I assume it was full of people who wanted to try this place for the first time, so I'm not expecting the full seated load to last. \n\nThe menu here is very extensive. There was your typical HK style cafe options, as well as dim sum. There are two featured items on the menu which are also advertised outside the restaurant along the wall facing Highway 7. I decided to try one of them, which was the Shanghai style beef noodle soup (forgot the exact term).\n\nAs we were waiting for our food, one of the employees gave us two 10% off cards, which are valid until January 31, 2015. The meal itself was also 10% off for their grand opening special.\n\nThe food took a good 15-20 minutes to come, however the iced lemon and iced milk teas both came rather quick. The milk tea here seems to be better than the lemon tea, as my dad found the milk tea to be good and I found the lemon tea to be mediocre. As for the noodle soup...it was also mediocre. Edible at least, but definitely not what I would say memorable.\n\nThere are a lot of other items in the menu that could be worth trying, but I'm gonna wait for other Yelpers to review this restaurant before considering coming back.
We made a reservation at Playa Cabana a few days prior for 3PM on a Saturday afternoon. When we arrived at 2:30PM a little early for our reservation the place was packed. They were able to seat us early and were very accommodating. \n\nThe restaurant is small and tight with a casual & fun atmosphere. It was loud but not so loud you couldn't hear each other. \n\nThe service was very good, we got severed quickly, received our drinks quickly and food in a reasonable amount of time.\n\nThe chips and salsa are very good as were the other items we ordered.\n\nOverall the food was very good. My husband & I both agreed that La Mexican is still better but would go again without hesitation. \n\nIf you are planning to go, make a reservation, you will be happy you did.
Good selection for the lunch buffet. A few kinds of desserts are great for my sweet tooth. All curries I had were delicious and tasty. I can taste the various kinds of spices. I will go back to try goat curry on Friday.
The gyros here are decent and they have live music on certain days. Expect to pay a cover for the music.
Crepe Cafe was formerly known as Tout Sweet. Apparently, it used to be owned by the owners of Cafe Luna and The Bread Company but not anymore. The place is very small and only has about 6 tables. They have both sweet and savory crepes but I would recommend the smoked salmon crepe. I had that for lunch and it was very delicious. The only drawback is their service; it was VERY slow. If they only have 6/7 tables, I don't understand why it took me at least 15 minutes to get my food. So, if you're in a hurry, think twice before going there.
It's descusting NY buffet was really good and now closed.I don't see how anyone can stand to eat here food is old and cold and not even worth 6$
The Pho is average at best, still good. A bit salty and less flavor compared my my favorite spot on Ossington.  Company was good, with my friend Stanley and that always helps.
A couple weeks ago I was starving and decided to stop in and grab a bite mid afternoon. I ordered this amazing chicken sandwich that had zucchini, grilled onions, cheese an some other delicious veggies. It was literally the best sandwich I ever had. The only problem was that it had so many wonderful veggies on it that it kept falling out of the bread which I was fine with! I also had the sweet potato fries which were perfect and the bar tender made me the perfect Moscow mule. They have s ton of shakes as well and was gonna come back for one but I was just so full. My eyes were larger than my stomach. Totally am going back. Quaint atmosphere. Great food. Great service
Very pricey for ok chinese food. Tables and menus were sticky to the touch!\nWait staff didn't speak or understand English well at all.\nThey do not have beer or wine on Sundays.  Would not let me substitute brown rice for white rice which came with the meal. \nHostess cleaned windows and doors during our dinner, making the air thick with disinfectant which ruined the meal further.  \nThankfully my company was good!
This place is rad. Great drinks, staff and food. Almost tapas but Japanese/Thai. Inexpensive and creative. Love it.
I heard a lot of good things about this place but was really disappointed. I got the $7 rare pho, the portion was nice and they give you a nice plate of sprouts and greens but other then that, the beef seems to be of low quality and cut a little too thick for my liking . The broth is very very bland, I couldn't taste anything except the flavours from the beef and added greens.
While I am a die-hard Krispy Kreme fan, Duck Donuts' light and tasty cake donuts are hard to beat!  The toppings are fantastic and the donuts are as fresh as they can get. I've tried the Glazed, Vanilla, Strawberry and Maple Bacon (one of their best!), but the death blow for me was the warm Salted Caramel drizzled over a freshly-baked still-hot donut. OMG.  They open at 6am every day, so you can grab a box on the way to work. Order 'em online and they'll be waiting for you when you arrive.\n\nRegardless of what kind of donut you favor, you'll be happy with Duck Donuts!
Great place! Good authentic Mexican food and nice atmosphere (though a little cramped). Had the choriqueso tacos, the meat was well seasoned and cooked right, the cheese was queso Oaxaca, you can't usually find that here and when you do it's often not good but not in this case. Service was prompt, it's a small place but they had plenty of people on staff. Would definitely dine here again. \n\nBy the way, I'm Mexican so believe me when I say it's authentic.
Came here for lunch with friends after reading good reviews on Yelp. There is Only the cook and the waitress so service was very very slow. Waitress had to run in and out of kitchen. Had customer waiting for takeout food that was called in already. Waited 20 mins b4 our food came. The worst food I have ever eaten in Newmarket. Not authentic what so ever. I would give 0 stars given the choice. First and last time here.
This review is based on around a dozen visits in the last three years. We have a group that dines together every Friday night and this is where we end up sometimes if our first choice in the area  is too crowded.\n\nService is generally as enthusiastic as it is ditzy. Young girls who are very attentive telling you that your food is coming soon. You can bank on the fact that they will forget to bring part of your order. You hate to criticize them, but really you have one job to do.\n\nThe owner is an amiable fellow, who you will meet when he comes over to tell you to be patient, that all their food is made to order. It. Takes. Time.\nReally. What a concept. Made to order food. Brought to your table. Eventually. Warm. Sorta.\n\nThe food quality has slipped sorrowfully since the old days. The sauce has all the charm of straight tomato paste. I could go on but why?\nIf you find yourself here for whatever reason, just order a pizza and move on.\n\nYou want to love places like this. Unfortunately, you're looking for love in the wrong place.
I've eaten Mexican food in San Diego and las Cruses, New Mexico, and I felt like I was back there right after the first bite!!!, it was Saucesome!!!\n\nOld as well but you should check it out!
I found these tees at a street fair--what incredible prices for such fun, unique art! The shirts are great quality--comfy and cute, I liked them so much I bought a couple for gifts. We also needed some tees for work, so placed a custom order and got the same great quality, quick turn-around and a very fair price. Will definitely use them again!
We went here with friends for dinner. Service was awful- he couldn't even remember we wanted water with no ice. Food was mediocre at best. Ingredients didn't seem to be of high quality. I would not go back!
Always a great food being served. Cant miss an opportunity to eat there when around.
a) The food is greasy in general.\nb) The shrimp noodle rolls were good, but the sauce was watery/diluted and weak.\nc) The price is right; $2/dim sum.\nd) Nice service.
My wife and I live for sushi! We eat it everywhere. We ran into this place and tried it out. We enjoyed it. Everything we are was good! Plus, they have chopped wasabi! That it a huge plus to us!!
Great Greek food including awesome Gyros!! They also have live music here a lot which is a great escape from doing your homework!  This place gets busy as lunch because it's right by the quad!
The food it just amazing. Not horribly "traditional" but very few in the states aren't a true traditional. Favor selection is almost to much to much but truest me, you will appreciate the work. Love to see the Cleveland company expanding.
flies everywhere, place is dirty and food not cooked well.
Delicious pizza.  We had lots of toppings and it was perfect.  Definitely my go to pizza.
Enjoyed this place very much. My family is from Sicily and it is hard to find the really stuff. Well this place has the really stuff. Food was good they have Italian cookies, pastries, and the best cannoli you could have. You need to try this place. I will be back again. Loved the Italian music also
Okay before i start this let me say that I AM glad that gameworks is back.  After nearly 3 years i really really....REALLY missed having it around.\n\nNow let me begin...\n\nFirst off, this place was a bigger letdown than i could've ever imagined. There couldn't possibly be any more than 45 arcade games on the game floor. The space that could be used to fit more game machines is currently taken up by over-optimistic restaurant space, unused party/banquet rooms and fancy looking walls. As it is at any gameworks a nice percentage of games were broken....but the difference between this gameworks and the others is that there's not much else to choose from....remember there's not even 50 machines on the floor which leads to my next complaint....a 2-3 person line to play literally any game on the floor. I'm not one to complain about waiting his turn, but this is a first for me at a gameworks. Arcade favorites like sonic the fighters, afterburner climax, marvel vs. Capcom, mortal kombat, street fighter, need for speed, f1 Ferrari challenge, and many many others are all MISSING from the roster. They used to be at the gameworks on the strip....i just don't understand why they wouldn't be here. The ticket/prize games are usually separated at most gameworks locations. Since this one is soooo tiny, they all just blend together. The prize redemption area is soooo small. I was tripping over small children and a couple of large, buff, angry dudes. Very uncomfortable...i never even got to choose my prize. More tickets for next time i suppose... Oh, and gamer beware. Many games will deduct points and the game will never acknowledge that you payed. Luckily the managers were able to see the cards swipe history and refund the card. in comparison to any other gameworks in the country....This game floor gets an F. \n\nThe e-sports room is passable....literally...you can pass right by it and not even notice it's there. Its a decent price to rent an xbox and tv but honestly the game roster is small. I'm not sure if you can bring your own or not. Theres a total of 4 stations with televisions. Imho they should have at least 7 or 8 but that's just my two cents. They have a 60pc lan party...which is 40 less than what was advertised last year. Which reminds me...they told us on the gameworks facebook and website that there would be a laser tag arena.....which...there is none. Very disappointing. The e-sports will definitely bring in revenue. It just needs more games and console/tv stations. The e-sport section gets a C.\n\nThe bowling ally and pool table area is nice. And it has its own bar which is cool since you don't have to leave to goto the game floor for a drink. You rent your shoes at the door. The alley lanes are very narrow compare to say...the station casinos. They're basically miniature bowling lanes....i haven't played on the lanes yet so its not really fair for me to review it. Id say a B just because it exists.\n\nLastly, the overall service and restaurant. I didn't eat at the restaurant yet...and i don't believe i ever will. Allow me to explain. I asked the bartender at the bowling center for a glass of water. He immediately tells me itll be "a while" before he can serve me the water. Which is fine....note that he had a group of 3 people to serve before me and as soon as he was done serving them..."a while" never came for me. No biggie. I guess good service is reserved for paying bar patrons. After spending 100 on points (which is ridiculous. I've never spent more than 40 bucks at any gameworks and i usually get hours of entertainment!) you'd think you would be treated half as decently as a hole in the wall bar. Later on i noticed i was hungry and i wanted something light, so i grabbed some wetzels pretzels which isn't far from gameworks.....BIG MISTAKE. I was just about halfway through my pretzel and walking back into gameworks when i was met with the most absurd statement: "we don't allow outside food. Sorry." excuse me? I just spent how much money.....to play broken games?! I'm sure you wont mind if i finish my pretzel while i walk through your precious, oversized restaurant past your pitiful, undersized gamefloor, and get in my car. Service gets a D. \n\nWorst gameworks experience I've ever had. I have been going to various gameworks locations since i was 9 years old. I'm 26 now. I've never seen anything like this. It's as if they only care about making money. I wish sega never sold gameworks to espn. I hope this helps them make better decisions in the future and fall back to their former glory! Long live gameworks!\n\n  i give them six months to add more games before i write them off my hangout spots list.
OH MY WORD!!!\nThis is by far the absolute best donnut "experience" I've ever had.  Who cannot just absolutely love placing your order and the shear pleasure of watching (and smelling, BTW) your yummy donuts being made while you patiently wait?
Red Koi is now under new ownership and has completely changed, not for the better. They went from being our favorite new sushi place to being a place we won't be coming back to. Their happy hour has completely dwindled down to almost nothing, they have a very limited basic list of rolls, that you can get at almost every other sushi restaurant, and the taste and quality seem to have changed as well. We asked if they would do any of the sushi rolls from their previous menu and they said no. Another odd thing was when we walked in, my husband and I went to a large 6 seat table, we were waiting on 3 others, the guy told us sorry, these are for celebrations, ummm what? It's very sad and a complete bummer, we were coming here once a week for awhile and now we won't be back.
Never again will I order from Tandoori times. For the 2nd time I ordered MILD saag paneer for delivery and it came so extremely spicy that I could not eat it. I also ordered a chicken dish that was so dry it seemed like it was cooked a week ago and left on the kitchen counter.
Discovered this place recently, it's now my goto weekend dimsum place downtown.  This restaurant is authentic with their carts being pushed around, the way it should be.  Some of them can be aggressive and forgetful on what you have already ordered and continue to ask if you want the same thing that you're still trying to finish. \n\nThe portions are generous, tasty in an authentic way and priced appropriately.
I love it, the prices are reasonable. The food is delish. Nice portions, my favorite is the tempura. The drinks are great and it's a nice, darkly lit, no frill restaurant. This is one of our favorites
8/17/13  It's close to the airport, Mallard's baseball, and Ale Asylum.  We took in some of the preseason Packer game, had a few brews, and what I'm told is the best burger in town.
Bad food, Awful service, I am staying away for now.\n\nNow, why does every Indian place I go to gives me water without any Ice. I know my indian brethren ask for no Ice (now, what's up with that guys...?) it doesn't mean everyone that hails from the motherland is against ice. I am looking to come up with a word to describe the feeling when a restaurant serves this brown american tap water that is not even cold, while I am drooling over folks in the next table enjoying water with loads, and loads of Ice.. \n\nWon't you ask?\n\nThat evening, we went there to celebrate our closing of our home, wanted a quiet dinner for the three of us to end a stressful busy day. Half the floor was empty, the owner seats us next to a group of very loud people. \n\nWaitress was stretched thin and was handling the floor by herself... and she forgot our food. \n\nShe brought some naan but nothing to eat them with. The kid ate the naan with the chutneys they left for appetizers and he fell asleep on the table.\n\nBy the time we got the food, the Tandoori chicken was probably sitting on the counter for a while and was cold. The kurma was microwaved again and had dried up and was sticking on the edges of the pan.\n\nNow lets talk Veg kurma, I couldn't find any piece of fresh veggies promised in there other than potatoes and the carrot, beans, peas and corn frozen mix. I may probably be okay with this if I get this in a cheap restaurant, when you price your entree at over $13 each which falls in the $$ range, I expect some semblance of "fresh" in there... I did not want to raise these to the waitress and make my evening suck more, so we left paying the bill ($58 for 2 entrees, 1 appetizer, 1 kids meal with no drink - Not sure if this includes the cost for a sword wielding dancer, and I use that term very liberally) with the minimal tip and passive aggressive note on the bill. \n\nThis was one of the last few decent places that served Indian, and it is sad to see the quality of the food and service go down here as well.\n\nDo not ever go to an Indian restaurant, any Indian restaurant when you are in a mood to celebrate something, they will make sure that your evening sucks.
We had received a $20 coupon in the mail so my family decided to try it for my parent's wedding anniversary. The decor looked like your typical chain restaurant, spacious seating with dim lighting. It restaurant focuses on a full italian menu and had a good selection. \n\nThe meal started off with bread and olive oil. The bread was seasoned with spices and very flavourful, but was a tad salty. It was hot and soft, like it was fresh from the oven. \n\nWe had ordered the Crab Arancini and the Antipasto board as our appetizers. The crab arancini are like fried risotto balls and it came out piping hot! It was crispy on the outside, and creamy on the inside. It was a perfect combination of textures. It came with a tomato pomodoro sauce and an aioli dip, which only added to the flavours of the dish. It was my favourite part of the meal. The antipasto board came with meats, cheeses, olives, grilled veggies and pieces of crostini bread. It had good variety and great to share. \n\nFor our entrees, we ordered the special for the night, which was lasagne along with the mushroom risotto. The lasagne was a sizeable portion and each layer was filled with cheesy goodness. The tomato sauce was a good balance to the richness of the dish. The risotto, despite the poor presentation was very tasty. It was a tad undercooked in my opinion, but the flavour was good.\n\nLastly, the server was very nice and had given a free ice-cream dessert to celebrate my parent's wedding anniversary. It was a very nice gesture by the restaurant. We had ordered everything to share, since we are not big eaters and the server was very accommodating. \n\nDespite being a little pricey, I would definitely come back again to try the pizzas and the fonduta fratcelli (cheese fondue).
First time I went here I could have cried it was so good. I went on and on about this sandwich for weeks. I was in love with this sandwich, I could have married it.\nThe second time was disappointing. I guess after the love affair between me and the first meaty good sammy left me on such a high there was no way to make it compare. It was still good but it was earth shaking like the first.\nIn conclusion, the sandwiches at Montreal Deli are like crack, you will become addicted and keep chasing the dragon after the first bite.
1lady there that works at the bar needs a attitude adjustment also she do not know how to make the drinks proper and very mean rude should be fired
Oh man, I'm torn on this place. \n\nI used to go to the GameWorks on the Strip when I was kid. I mean, I even remember going to the original grand opening and losing mind because it was so amazing, two stories of video games! That's a lot for a 14-year-old boy to handle. Now this new GameWorks location is in Town Square and it's not like the one of yesteryear, but more of a sports bar fused with a Chuck E. Cheese. \n\nThey added a few new things like a full bowling alley, which looks amazing, a huge bar for the alcoholic pinball lovers, and a few hundred TVs. I like the lay out here also; there are two main entrances on each side of the building, which is super convenient, and the length of the bar is great because I don't like feeling like I'm sitting on the guy next to me. The have an okay mix of games, but I feel like they need to incorporate more of the classics. They have "Donkey Kong" and "Centipede", plus a few others, but this isn't enough of the old school favorites. I hate to say it, but my age and demo will be the main customers frequenting this place and if you don't up the nostalgia factor here you might be setting yourself up for the ultimate, GAME OVER. The other side of this is most "little" kids or hardcore gamers would rather stay in their room and play "Call of Duty" with some other kid from Germany. They don't want to be bothered with socializing or paying for something they already have at home. I'm voting for Super Mario 3!\n\nOnce I was done playing Skee-Ball and destroying some T-1000s on the Terminator shooter game I needed something in my belly. I still had stuff to do that day so I ordered a Cesar salad and some fries, you know...keeping it lite. These were good by "Barcade" standards. The salad was big and fresh and the french fries came with this cocktail sauce infused ketchup, pretty tasty! Of course I had to order a cocktail before I left, "One Moscow Mule please". (keeping it lite) This was actually the shining light of my visit. Sweet, tangy, and refreshing with just enough vodka and ginger. \n\nAll in all, it was an OK experience and I feel like they are still working out some of the kinks, hence the three star rating. It's definitely not the GameWorks that was stuck in my memory, but I will be back to give it a second chance. Plus, who else will dominate all the little kids on the Pac-Man Air Hockey game.
The lunch specials here are great, especially the vegetarian menu on Fridays. The lunch wrap is always a favorite. The salad that comes with the vegetarian lunch menu isn't that great, but the rice is ok. The meals are quick and spicy and the service is very good.
Everyone was silent when the food was served since they were so good. I had lobster taco and would definitely go back for that. We made a reservation so didn't need to wait in the line. It's a cozy (tiny) restaurant
We have been getting takeout from Red Bowl in Fort Mill for 3 years.  A few months ago the sweet & sour sauce tasted like vinegar.  We took it back and they apologized and remixed it and it tasted like normal.\n\nTonight we received sweet & sour sauce that tasted like vinegar.  We were told that there is a new chef and sometimes the sauce is dark and sometimes it is light.  I have eaten sweet & sour sauce for 20 years and NEVER had it taste like vinegar.  \n\nWe paid $10 for sweet & sour chicken and have no sauce to eat it with.  We were offered no compensation and were told that no other customers complained about the sauce.\n\nWe will not be returning.  Such a shame that the food has gone downhill.
China Buffet is a new Chinese buffet restaurant (duh) in the University area.  For me, it fills a void that was left when Chen's Bistro buffet closed a few months ago in the same general vicinity.  Despite the uninspiring restaurant name, the interior of China Buffet is much nicer than most Chinese buffets.  Most amazing are the entrance with its huge copper doors (which could rival PF Chang's entrances) and host stand area with the oval blue sky and twinkling lights on the ceiling. \n\nThere are about 10-12 bars of hot and cold foods, plus a Mongolian BBQ area where a chef will cook up your selected meats, veggies, etc. fresh for you, a sushi bar, and a dessert bar with pastries and ice cream.  The food is all good, but nothing really stands out as truly exceptional.  For true sushi eaters, the sushi is just "meh."  It's all very filling, though.  There are a lot of foods here for kids and other picky eaters, too.  The prices are very reasonable -- $8 for lunch and about $10 for dinner.  \n\nThe buffet area and dining room are all very clean, although the dining room could use a few more separating walls for ambiance.  The decor is all really nice, though, and you can tell that they put a lot of money into the restaurant.  \n\nWe'll definitely be going back occasionally on those really hungry lunch days.
During the Christmas break, we went to Duck Donuts for an outing and our first visit.  I ordered the donut (one kind, no chocolate) with peanut butter glaze and a coconut topping.  It came warm and was very delicious, I must say.  Why three stars then?  I think this place could have been SO much better.  \n\nAfter going to Voodoo Donuts in Portland a couple years ago, everything else is pretty disappointing.  Apparently, they're kind of a mecca for donut lovers.  The consistent line out the door and down the street was a definite indication.  Why?  First, their donuts are huge.  Duck Donuts' are regular-sized.  Second, there are endless combinations of unique flavors.  Duck Donuts has only a handful.  You can pick out one glaze and one topping.  That's it, no more.  No, you can't have both peanuts AND sprinkles; are you crazy?  And where are Oreos?  Donuts and Oreos were made for each other.  Third, at Duck Donuts, you create your own.  While the warm donut part is nice, there aren't all of these magically created donuts already made for you to gawk and drool over.  I had a tough time deciding which donut to pick at Voodoo Donuts.  At Duck, it wasn't that hard given the very limited options.  \n\nLastly, there are about three two-seater tables in the whole restaurant.  That's it.   We had to stand around to eat our very sticky donuts (and then rush to the bathroom to wash our hands).  There's a huge wasted space in the middle of the store that could easily be filled with a lot more tables, if rearranged better.  \n\nAnyway, while I really enjoyed the donut I tried, I'm not jumping on the Duck Donuts bandwagon and making it a regular thing when I know there are so many things they could do to make it a truly magical experience.
My wife and I were looking for a good hamburger lose to home.  We checked on Yelp and Charr came up. I wasn't so sure because some of the most recent reviews were not so favorable. We decided to take a chance and I am glad that we did. Our server, Kristen was great. She was very friendly and personable. Took our order with a smile and was very attentive to us.  We each ordered a burger, mine with fries and my wife's with onion rings. The food was very good and cooked the right way. Everything tasted very fresh. We look forward to coming back and trying more of the menu. Thanks again for the great service.......leave room for desert, I herd the shakes are great.
I work within walking distance to Firehouse Subs. I don't frequent it much because it is only okay in my opinion. Today I had the best sandwich I've had from Firehouse yet. I had the steak and cheese (minus cheese cause I'm lactose intolerant), with peppers and onions on wheat. Delicious but I've had a stomach ache since. I guess that's not saying much because I get a stomach ache whenever I eat almost anywhere. The Italian is pretty good too. Slightly expensive. \n\nOh, and if you are getting their cherry limeade from the machine make sure you put sprite in it as well, because I'm pretty sure it's just cherry syrup.
Ordered delivery from Foodora (which arrived quickly, as always). We got: \n- Steamed Chicken Feet w/ Oyster Sauce (Excellent)\n- Pan Fried Seafood Pancake (A little on the oily side; would have preferred it to be a bit crispier, but it was tasty nonetheless)\n- Steamed Sticky Rice Pouch w/ Salted Meat (Not a lot of meat)\n- Steamed Beef Balls (Average)\n- Steamed Two Kinds of Meat Dumpling - siu mai (Nice texture, a bit firmer than other dim sum places)\n- Rice Noodle Roll w/ Minced Beef (Average)\n- Deep Fried Squid Tentacles (Average; note that these aren't the fully battered ones. They seem to be grilled instead)\n- Deep Fried Taro w/ Meat (Kind of soggy by the time they arrived but the filling was good)\n- Deep Fried Meat & Shrimp Dumplings (Unlike the fried taro, these held up quite well. Slightly crispy exterior but not a lot of meat fillings)\n\nOverall, this is worth a try but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. The food quality is on par with places like Rosewood, but for me, Rol San still holds the #1 dim sum spot in Chinatown.
Hong Kong style restaurant. The soup (that comes with the combo) isn't hot enough. The curry beef isn't bad. Typical HK style "cha chan tang"
The Springs Cafe has amazing food for a great price. My family and I go here all the time and love it. Also, it has a really nice patio area with great views of the Las Vegas strip.
Love this place. So much better than every other sub shop out there! Way better food. try the Brisket! Best sandwich ever!
Okay, so as a person of Indian descent, I had to comment on Tandoori Times. It's damn good! I took my parents and 5 friends out there, we ordered basically one of everything and a ton of Kingfishers (best Indian beer ever) and spent less than $200. Lunch is not too shabby either, any one of their wraps hits the spot.... they're extra yummy because they use naans as the wrap.\n\nMy mother, who despises going to Indian restaurants, even liked it.
Very good restaurant. My girlfriend told me about it so I decided to take her there. Very awesome how they have a sushi menu buy one get one free with a drink purchase. We all know sushi can be expensive sometimes and buy one get one free! Who can go wrong with that?   Beer very cheap. 2.50 a bottle and imports 3.50. They also have omb for 3.50.  We got 2 plates of sushi and shareable appetizer and a vegetable noodle rice plate a beer and a soda and it was around 30 dollars. Very delicious food and they bring you a couple different sauces.  Wednesday night wasn't packed but it wasn't empty. They also have drink specials where imports are 2.50 on Wednesdays. Will definitely be back to this plate to eat some more and get more sushi. Sushi was big and very filling.
So much potential but this pretty property on top of a hill falls short of wowing me, after 2 multiple-day visits. It's just OK. As someone reviewing this Sheraton has noted, everything starts off as a 3 and gets adjusted up or down from there. I'm leaving it a 3 but no better, because it had some good elements (nice chill patio, bar/restaurant from circa 1715), but some bad as well: shuttered restaurant, completely mediocre/typical breakfast buffet and poorly trained foodservice employees wearing shabby and really dirty clothing while they served us breakfast. The place is in need of long-term employees.\n\nRooms were meh all the way (bathrooms are just too small, everything throughout seemed worn, loose, and dated). I tried this place twice but it did not live up to a 4 star experience, unfortunately.
We really enjoyed our lunch here. I'm between four and 5 stars. Its located in the springs preserve. On the second story with a lovely view of the strip. Tons of greenery around us. Their is an indoor and outdoor section (with heaters for the winter, and it's covered for summer shade).\n\nDuring happy hour Thursday's 4-8pm it's 5 stars. Right now probably 4 stars because the coffee tasted pretty trashy, and expensive for lacking in flavor brew ($3).\n  \nThe food is surprisingly good. We had the pizza Blanca ($9.5): it had truffle oil, arugula, white sauce and mushrooms. Nice crust, good flavor. They have several decent craft brews available. We had a Samuel adams ($5-6)
Excellent food, even better service. Everyone knows their food is excellent, but the service at the Cleveland heights location is awesome. They do a great job, and will be back many many times
Until the day of my check in, I had never been in this Little Cesar's, however I have had pizza from there often. I realize it's a Little Cesar's and there's not much to be expected, however it was National Pizza Day and I've been craving pizza for a week, still am actually. First they open at 10am, I arrived early so I went to a couple nearby stores first, I walked in around 10:20, I was greeted promptly, and waited only a couple minutes, that was good. However when I politely asked for a deep deep dish I was told in broken English those were only served 11a-2pm, I know this is untrue as my roommate often picks them up after he gets off at 330pm. It was not stated that, that was the times for Hot n Ready just that, that was the time frame they were served. There was no signage saying anything about times at all. After that was stated I kinda just stood there silently trying to figure what to say next in order to still get what I wanted in pristine condition. I chose to just walk out instead as I couldn't think of a polite way to say that was ridiculous and untrue. It was completely unprofessional and I'm not entirely sure why it happened.
Attention my Italian friends!! This is the relationship deal of Tattorias. This quaint and softly decorated restaurant reminds you of Italy...equipped with a Chef who was born and raised there!  Tasteful and polite service!  The bowl of minestrone soup is spot on and comes with small sized garlic knots. Caparese salad had large sized slices covered with balsamic vinegar.  All deserts are baked fresh daily. I recommend you try the cuchidati cookies...OMG...real real real Italian\nCookies.
Worst service in town. Bought certificate at restaurant.com and was told that we couldn't use it since they don't honor the certificate anymore. I have to get my $ back from them. Haven't tried their food and I will not come here again
This is a popular destination for my friend and I when we go out to eat. It is always a good sandwich. It's a step above subway I believe, in quality and service alike. And with that the price is a little bit higher, but not much. Super reasonable for a casual lunch with friends.
The donuts are great, I haven't had one yet that I didn't like.  Maple Bacon is my favorite.  The 5 star rating for me is their customer service.  I didn't realize they closed at 3:00 pm on certain days of the week.  When I walked up to the store at 3:15 or so, the employees were inside and asked what my order would be and luckily they had donuts on hand to complete my order as well as 3-4 other people that walked up after me.
Tried the "duck wings!". \nThey were part of their Saturday Special which included a huge pork chop a dish for which they are apparently "known", and 1/3 of a rack of ribs.....PLENTY of food, even if you just got done appearing on "Naked and Afraid."\nOK, I promise no more quotation marks.\nWings are drum portion only and are fully the size of a chicken leg.\nTrying them was a major reason for ordering the dish, so I could try them without committing my entire meal to their palatability.\nExpertly prepared and sauced in a spicy/sweet sauce that complimented them nicely. A definite recommendation for anyone to try.\nThe chop was reasonably tender the marinade was decent enough, haven't gotten chops out much, but these were probably the best I've had.\nThe ribs were OK, but nothing for any self-respecting rib-house to fear.\nThe dish was served with their house sauced white beans which were a decent enough accompaniment, but not especially noteworthy.\nMy wife got their filet Benedict which she praised effusively.\nService was quite good, the manager usually checks in during the meal and is quite personable.\nA notch above the standard sports bar, with great ambiance and plush seating.
We went there for our second anniversary. Place is cozy. Food is delish! For dessert we had the chocolate jar cake. It was AMAZING!
Tacos! I don't go downtown often, and Tremont even more rarely, so a Barrio opening up on the east side was possibly the best part of 2017 to date.  It's ridiculously crowded right now, but I imagine it'll die down a bit eventually.  In good news, the hostesses are nice and they'll give you a pager that works as long as you stay within a block or so radius, so you could always grab a drink somewhere nearby while you wait for your turn.\n\nThey've got a great bar menu, with a good selection of tequila and margaritas.  A pitcher is approximately 4-5 glasses, which isn't a bad deal.  We split two pitchers with another  couple-- one guava and one blood orange-- and it worked out pretty perfectly.  I liked both, but the blood orange was definitely my favorite of the two.  If you're not a margarita person, I'm confused, but they have other good drinks and a nice beer menu as well.  As far as appetizers go, the queso blanco is excellent.  It reminded me a lot of Moe's queso.\n\nTacos, however, are the important part of Barrio.  You need 2-3 tacos for a good meal, depending on how hungry you are.  They're only $3-$4 each, so it's a really reasonable night out.  They have a menu of suggested tacos as well as create-your-own.  From the El Jefe suggestion list, I really liked the El Filadelfia steak taco, but my husband didn't care for the braised beef in the Carne Trozo.  Creating your own tacos is more fun, in my opinion. I will warn you not to go overboard on the toppings even though they all sound delicious.  You can bubble in as many items as you like, but if you overload your taco it nets you a giant soggy mess.  Another item worthy of note is that the Green Goddess tortilla option is a calorically terrible choice but also Barrio's gift to the taco world; it has the crispiness of a hard corn tortilla, the structural integrity of a soft flour tortilla, and guacamole and queso to bring it all together.\n\nI'm already perusing the Build Your Own Taco menu to plan out my next visit.  Can't wait to go back.
Albeit a smaller venue, not too bad - kids enjoyed themselves! From my POV:\n\n1. Space too small\n2. Too much empty space in the front area so it seems like\n    they're still decorating or ran out of money\n3. When you get a time play card, they fail to\n    tell you:\n    a. Can't collect the tickets from games\n    b. Can't play the "win a prize" games\n    c. Have to wait 1 minute in between swipes before you\n        can play a new game or add another person's turn -\n        therefore, your ACTUAL play time drops to 30\n        minutes\n\nThe food looks amazing - but doesn't taste as promising as it looks. Some food items can get pricey.\n\nThe eSports room was the area most enjoyed by my family.\n\nOverall, there are other places to spend time with family and friends...I don't know how often we will be back.
Had a great time dining here- the service was attentive, the food was delicious, and the ambiance was lively. \n\nWe shared all of our plates. In my opinion, the highlights were the massive burritos (ordered the breaded chicken one) and the pork tacos. \n\nThe food took ages to arrive, so for some this may be an issue, but we were quite happy with our chips with (amazing) salsa and pitchers of margaritas!  \n\nOrdered the churros for dessert and found them to be a bit heavy/ overdone.  \n\nApparently there is  a great patio in the summer. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for something fun and casual. I look forward to returning!
Fantastic service, Kayla was our server and she whipped up a wicked Mexican ice tea for me in no time at all. The meal was great, I had the short rib taco and it kicked ass.
Pretty good banh cuon. Pho ga was tasty. Also tried the banh beo.  All served promptly and delicious.
Duck Donuts is definitely a unique idea. They give you endless options to customize donuts the way you like. The place was clean and definitely busy. However I was not impressed by the donuts. Everyone has different taste buds and they just didn't impress mines. The service/workers was average nothing to brag home about. Also I consider myself to be a pretty smart person however after staring at the order form a little I finally figured out the concept just before I got ready to ask for help. LoL. I most likely won't return however as I said I am sure a lot will because it was busy for the most part.
We were walking around the place, with tons of pricey food trucks and decided we'd rather come inside for a meal...\n\nIt's bistro food, more like a tourist trap place. The service is friendly and the food is average. \n\nWe ordered the fried calamari, which is always a safe choice, and it was good. You know when you see I ordered fried calamari in my reviews, it's because there is nothing else special on the menu ;) and you can rarely go wrong with fried calamari.\n\nFor the main, I ordered the duck confit, which was dry and came with some berry sauce, it was sweet and weird. I did not like it too much. We did split a bottle of wine 3ways for about 40$ which is a good deal.
I'll definitely try this place again, but it's also definitely not what I expected.\n\nThe atmosphere is fun (punny cocktail names galor) but also a little strange. Despite being very obviously Japanese-inspired (decor, origami instructions on the coasters, descriptions of Japanese terms on the menu), the staff responded as if offended when my friend asked for chopsticks with her teriyaki rice bowl. \n\nMy yakitori was tasty, but despite getting two different skewers, they tasted very much the same. So much so I'm a little convinced that they mis-made my order. I was also missing any hint of potato with my fried chicken skewer (a misnomer, since both of my skewers where fried chicken), despite it being in the description. My vegetable skewer (which was actually still chicken?) came with the same small side of veggies as the fried chicken skewer.\n\nThe portions are also extremely small. Despite spending over $7 on my 2 skewers, I left Yuzu pretty hungry.
We went here on a groupon and ate very well. We left with leftovers and only paid $4 in addition to the groupon after buying appetizers, rice and 2 extra orders of naan. The service was friendly and the food very good. I think it would be a bit pricey at normal rates. Our only complaints were that when we ordered rice they did not bring us enough to accompany the dishes we had ordered. Also, I have a problem with being charged extra for bread at any restaurant. They charge a hefty price here for every single piece of naan. You don't even get any included with your entree. Rice is something I would generally expect to be included too.-maybe not both but a choice of one or the other. I highly recommend the coconut chicken. Very tasty.
I'm going to be real blunt on this. I've had a few tacos from their truck and it's been "decent". When I went to their restaurant which recently opened in my neighborhood I was very disappointed. \n\nFirst of all it was a Monday night and the music was SO LOUD my waitress had to shout the info on how to order and believe me I love to blast my music too just not to the point where people at the table have to yell for their conversation. And I'm not old \n\nIn terms of the appetizers the "queso" was lukewarm and just unappetizing . It looked like liquid watery white cheese wiz (and that is giving it too much credit) . It was really disgusting. We sent it back.\n\nThe taco with the tofu had a Sweet pineapple sauce with cabbage that it literally tasted like I was eating sweet and sour sauce from a Chinese restaurant and it was WAY TOO SWEET. Not anything like eating Mexican food. \n\nLast the tacos we got came with dirty sauce. I could see if they just added a little to enhance the taco but it was soaked into the taco and it was so hot that we couldn't eat more than one bite. \n\nWhat else....when u order sides of beans and rice the serve them to u in small to-go condiment containers with plastic fork/spoon. Unclassy....and no thought. Maybe that crap works on a truck when u serve people but not at a sit down restaurant. \n\nYou guys really need to rethink all this stuff. I'm not an expert but I've traveled all over the world and I have a great palate, not to mention I'm Mexican and I split my time between Cleveland heights and my hometown of LA. \n\nI live in the Fairmount area but I don't think I'll be coming back unless you guys make serious changes. Too bad it's a decent idea. \n\nBy the way....less is more. Make food with just the basics and it would taste better. Adding all the extra stuff makes it just plain nasty.
The food there is still great, but their service is horrible. Went there tonight to get food and waited 10 minutes to get a menu. Asked for water four times and never got it. Asked for them to clean the table and it never happened. This all would have been fine if the people next to us who had come in ten minutes after us had not already gotten food. Before we got water. We left out of frustration.
This place is the truth! In Charlotte area on business, I had strong cravings for some Caribbean cuisine. Discovered this spot using Yelp and noted Salt Fish and Ackee on the menu. Delicious fails to describe how good the food was. The dishes are mostly prepared fresh but well worth the wait. Patronize and support this business.
To make a Seinfeld reference, anyone can take a reservation but actually holding the reservation is the most important part!!!\n\nLast night, my girlfriends and I had made reservations to celebrate a friend's birthday at Playa Cabana. We got there on time at 9pm and were told we would be seated "in a minute". Close to half an hour later, the surly indifferent dead-eyed waitress advised us that they were overbooked but we could try to get accommodated at their sister restaurant Hacienda. I have to say I eat out regularly and I have never seen a reservation not get honoured. Why take reservations at all if you can't keep them? And, your solution is to ask us to take a 10 minute walk in our 6 inch heels to your sister restaurant? When I asked her about the inconvenience, she sent over her smarmy manager, who didn't take ownership of the situation. Instead, he blamed OpenTable. Either staff & management are completely incompetent or they are just plain inconsiderate to their customers. I've worked in restaurants through university, how do you not notice beforehand that you are overbooked. They should have called us earlier or they should have advised us as soon as we got there to give us the chance to make alternative arrangements, especially on a late Friday night. No restaurant's food is that good that it could possibly make up for a lack of customer service or basic consideration. Zero star.
It was recommended by Chinese masseuse as best Dim Sum in China Town. I agree that they serves authentic dim sum. We tried shrimp dumpling, steamed shrimp rice rolls, radish cake, steamed pork rib, egg tart and porridge with century egg and all of them were very testy. However, only chicken feet was not good.
Delicious but pricey and super crowded. Still worth it though. The atmosphere is very charged and fun. I would agree with another poster in that it's the best Mexican food in Toronto. \n\nRumour has it the owner takes the staff to Mexico to learn new techniques and improve their craft. Pretty cool!
ODERER A MAPLE BACON. Just do it. Such a great combination of flavours. "I'll take a maple bacon, please". It's what makes them so great! Ugh there is nothing like a fresh, hot donut.\n\nI feel bad because we can in 5 mins before closing. But the served us and it was super fast. Wish their debit receipts had tip spots so I could of tipped them. I didn't have any cash on hand :(
Great casual good. Great service. Quaint place. Pleasant atmosphere. I love this place and highly recommend it.\n\nI just don't get some of these negative comments here. I've been there probably a half-dozen times over the past couple of months and have not had one negative experience (food OR service). If you don't like the prices, then all I can say is go to McDonalds next door.
This had to be one of the worst experiences we've ever had at this location. The server Nikki was awful, the food was mediocre at best. Never will we sit in her area again!
I don't know much about Mexican food. But the fish tacos came in a soft wrap. Not sure how I was supposed to eat it. Service was pretty good. Avoid sitting at the bar closest to the kitchen, it gets really hot.
I don't normally rate fast food places, because really, aren't they all kinda the same.  But I was super impressed with them and feel they deserve a good word.  It is a hike if you're coming off the interstate (about 2 miles), but the location was new, fast, friendly, and damn near perfect.  It was also the freshest tasting Taco Bell food I've ever tasted, if that's possible.  If you have to do fast food, it's worth a stop.
This restaurant is closed and has not been here for 3 months!  I just bought a groupon 5 days ago and was going to meet a friend there and what a mess!  \nREPEAT- even though their website is still up which doesn't make any sense, they are no longer in business! ;(
We got a pepperoni pizza about two months ago. It was doughy in the middle. I understand that the pepperoni tends to be greasy but it wasn't that, it was doughy. So, a few weeks ago we decided to try it again because the taste was very good. When I called to order I let the guy know the last one was doughy, and he said "so you would like your pizza"......paused...so I said "cooked". Got there to pick it up and was told it was still in the oven because I wanted it well done. Got home and looked more cooked around the edges but the dough in the middle was a soggy mess and disintegrated. It was a mess but again, the flavor was good. Really wish they would figure out the dough issue.
Best donuts I've ever had.... Very cake like and so many favors to try... Definitely a cheat day meal and I love it. So happy they are growing in locations.
A typical Red Lobster, exactly what you would expect. The wait was typical for a restaurant in this area on a Saturday.\n\nThe reason I'm commenting is that I thought the hostess was really nice and did a great job. While we were waiting she dealt with some rude people and did a really good job. I think her name was Missy or something like that.\n\nThe restaurant was recently revamped and looks really nice on the outside and inside.
Red my favorite color.\n\nRed Koi, not my favorite restaurant, but I'll give it more of a try. Let's be honest, I'm not one to venture out into Gilbert in the far edges of Phoenix where the horse lords of Rohan roam. Every now and then I'll be out there. I visited Red Koi with my family and order the Soba Noodles with Chicken. It was a tad bit on the saucy side and too salty for me.  I gather it was because of the sauce.  My family likes their Chicken Pho there so definitely next time I'll try it out.\n\nAmbience is cool. I really enjoy the fish tanks on both sides when you walk in.  Service was okay, but it seemed pretty busy when we came so I'm not going to complain about my water.  I generally need it filled 3-4 times. - Enjoy!
I have been taking my 92 yr old neighbor to OG for several years, at least 1 a week. Always a great experience and great service until 16 Jan 2013. We were seated in Alexs' section, it was a terrible experience. She was not even friendly!! A couple came in after us and sat across from us, they already had their salad and bread sticks by the time we finally got our hot water for tea. The couplealso had their soup by the time we got our salad. Then Alex came by amd ask if we needed any more salad or soup. I clearly stated "we just want our soup" as we had yet to receive it!!! She still was in no hurry to get our soup, we will go back but will ask not to be seated in Alexs' section!!! I think OG neede to instill to be prompt and friendly when serving customers!!!
This Gameworks location is great and is far better than almost any other arcade style restaurant venue anywhere near the vicinity of the Las Vegas area.  Of the comments by others that criticise this Gameworks, it is often that this location lacks some of the greatness of other or past Gameworks locations.  While some of that I agree with, the comparison should be Gameworks now compared to their competitors now, not Gameworks compared to themselves of the past.\n\nThe dining areas, bar areas, bowling areas, arcade areas, and the console gaming areas all look great.  The arcade prices generally are about four credits per game, which is one dollar with no promotions or bulk purchase of credits whatsoever.  Most generic arcades in the major hotels would have similar pricing, yet Gameworks provides a much nicer, friendlier and healthier enviroment than going inside a Las Vegas hotel/casino.  In addition, they have deals, 190 credits for $27, making that one-dollar game just 57 cents.  The pricing is good; I do not see where some of these complaints come from.  It is a far better value than Dave and Busters located throughout the country.\n\nThe Las Vegas design is different than many other Gameworks, but that is fine.  I personally do not understand the space given to console internet computer gaming, but that may appeal to others.  If that does not work out as expected, a great idea would be to expand the arcade space, which is what many arcade enthusiasts want to happen.  Maybe put in a clever time tunnel entrance and have some great, nearly forgotten games from the 80s and 90s in there that nearly no one has anymore (possibly locate a game list from when the first Gameworks opened, and replicate some of it).  If management wants an idea of games, I would be glad to submit some ideas, or go on killer list of videogames dot com for a blast from the past reminder of games that once existed.  Possibly, add a few more classic cabinets to overflow and transition between sections, so the place is not quite so compartmentalized.  All of this is not a complaint, just ideas to make this new Gameworks even better and enhance it with some classic nestalgia from Gameworks past.\n\nIn closing, Gameworks Las Vegas does not deserve an average rating less than four stars.  Those who live in the area should enjoy what it has to offer instead of comparing it to absolute arcade perfection.  Again, compare it to what little else is present in Las Vegas family fun, enjoy the games and the environment of fun that exists inside all Gameworks locations.  I do want to also mention that in my opinion many other Gameworks, current and past, deteriorated over time.  Please do not allow entropy to set in here, please keep the games well maintained and focus on customer service and Gameworks will do well.
Can I give 3.5? I do like it. I've been there 3 times and on my birthday too. Maybe I should give it a 4 for Gilbert. Anyway... I like it enough to keep going back the sushi is ok. I'll get it carefully. But I get it carefully ANYWHERE in Arizona. It's the desert. I really go for the Pho. It's not great but it's good and it's about 4 miles from my home! I typically drive about 20 miles to Dobson in Mesa to get Pho. So this tastes really good. \nRegarding the service. No, it's not bubbly and overly friendly you're not at TGI Fridays but they get the job done. \nI think it's just called Red now.
I was incredibly hyped to hear that Barrio was opening up so close to my house! I've always had a good time eating at the location downtown, but having my own little Barrio to myself was a stretch dream that eventually became a reality.\n\nThe interior is huge and uniquely decorated, with a seemingly bigger seating selection than at the downtown location. The increased seating capacity is at the expense of a proper waiting area, though. Whenever it is busy, I find myself waiting awkwardly to the left of the already-left-of-center "front desk". That being said, I never have to wait too long. Usually, I take a walk around Cedar Fairmount.\n\nBarrio is a winning food concept: tacos at the mercy of your judgement. Building your own tacos is something that is not necessarily beginner friendly, but an acquired skill over time. Even then, the monthly tacos and quesos are exotic, spontaneous, and just the right balance of weird and delicious. The portions are noticeably larger at this location, which is a nice touch. Two tacos is enough.\n\nA highlight of the Cedar Fairmount area, and an excellent excuse to not go all the way downtown.
This is best Chinese buffet in Charlotte,  the food is delicious, especially the sushi.
Happy hour is a joke, service is horrible and customer service is interesting. Don't come here! They have such low quality sushi on top of having horrible service. I still paid $25 during happy hour! The pot stickers are smaller than your baby toe, thinner than a pencil and they burned them. I will not be going back a better alternative is sea star sushi off of chandler heights and power, which isn't saying much.
Where to start... \n\nI ordered a sandwich from their very limited lunch menu and when my food arrived it was not what I ordered and instead of fixing the situation, our server argued with me about how I ordered my sandwich. I'm sorry, but when I say chicken club that doesn't mean BLT on any planet.\n\nThe games situation... The space looks enormous, however looks can and in this case are deceiving. The assortment of games is very small and the ones that most patrons want to play are broken. \n\nBeware of unruly, unsupervised children! I get it, it's an arcade-- that doesn't mean the Gameworks staff or other patrons are your babysitter.
Gyros, tzatziki, fries, and friendly cooks and cashiers make this place a must-go.  My parents graduated from the U of I in 1981, and Zorba's was there back then!  Considering the relatively high turnover rate of Campustown restaurants, I think that's pretty impressive.
We agree with with all the reviews we read.  This is a really nice bar grill with great food, large portions and great service for a reasonable price.
Fun place for drinks, bar food and games with your friends and family. Kids come here for the games too! You play for a card loaded with the amount of tokens of your choice then you swipe your card on the card reader to pay for the games! It eliminates the need to carry change and all your tickets are loaded onto the card too! \n\nA wide variety of games from ski ball to basketball, house of the dead to pin balls!
Great way to start restaurant week 2015! Wings were the best!!! Sam was a great server! We will definitely be back!!
$6.99 lunch with so many varieties with seafood where can you find.\nIf you're 60, you even get a discount. . I really enjoy eating there with friends with whom, we have different preference, I only eat vegetable, fish and chicken, a friend doesn't eat meat but seafoods, this is prefect place for us.
Very yummy! Nice authentic atmosphere. My pregnant self was craving pasta and I wanted to try this place. We came on a Saturday night; it was a little busy but they accommodated us right away. My husband ordered a Caesar salad and the farfalle al salmone. I had the fettuccini Alfredo with chicken. Both dishes were delicious! The owner came by after our dinner to ask us if everything went well. He was very nice and courteous.
A Champaign Institution, great gyros, with even better service.  Definitely a can't miss when you are on Illinois' campus.  Check their daily specials before you go in some of them are great.  The fact that you can order a small, medium. or large gyro and customize it however you want make it good for any size appetite.
I used to come here a lot, however I had a bad experience with an extremely rude bartender, a woman with shaved sides and an black/teal ombré whom I guess was offended from my question which was... "The bill was $18 right? And I gave you $25?" \n\nIn which her response automatically was "Oh so you weren't giving me a $5 tip?" Which turned me off because in all honesty I didn't like her tone or the way she was looking at me. Like I was ignorant or something.\n\nI said "Actually it would have been a $7 tip" \nWhich wasn't a problem, I'm literally keeping track of how much cash I spend. But when you get nasty attitudes then I no longer care about how you feel or what you say. \n\nAnd before I could finish what I'm trying to say she starts going on a rant about how usually people just give her $7 if the bill is $18 and if the bill was $15 people hand her $22.. okay that's cool and all however that's not what I asked you nor did I say anything about the amount of your tip I was asking how much cash I gave you. \n\nThen she continues on about bartending and tips I had to interrupt her because I've bartended too, I'm also a hairstylist and never do I ASSUME people are going to tip certain amounts because sometimes they don't and I don't get upset when people ask me how much cash they gave me. I just give them the answer. \n\nSome of the machines are broken my fiancé swiped his card and lost points for it. \n\nAnyway the manager is nice however we probably won't come back here. Which sucks for me cause I like gameworks back where I'm from and wanted to come back and bring people.\n\nJulius was so nice though!!!
Surprisingly, I didn't see OUT OF ORDER signs on any machines.  But the cost of playing kept my visit short.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere at Brick House. It was decorated in a cute way and has very comfortable seating. \nThe menu looked really good, so I chose a grilled chicken sandwich.\n\nThe chicken was not a fresh grilled breast. It tasted like a frozen, "pre-grilled", rubbery chicken breast. I was quite surprised at this, but the whole sandwich was just chewy and spongey. My salad was a little boring.\n\nThe service was good and our waitress was pleasant. \nI would probably go back and try something else, but for my first visit, the sandwich did not impress me.
Ordered the chicken pad Thai to go. The only positive thing was that it was served hot. Lacked flavor and veggie tables-it might as well have been chicken and noodles. Very disappointing and I won't be ordering this again.
I brought my kids here after lunch today to kill a few hours. We had a great time. My son was really excited about redeeming his tickets and we got lucky because an employee named Jonathan M helped us out. Apparently we missed a few big ticket games, and since we still had 15 minutes, we went back and totally scored!! Jonathan got down to my 5 year olds level and told him what the coolest prizes were and boosted his confidence by congratulating him on ALL the tickets he won. :) He even talked him into sharing something with his little sister, so everyone went home happy. My son can't wait to go back because he thinks Jonathan is his best friend now. Thanks Gameworks! You have our business for life!
Really great service and overall experience. For how exciting and innovative the dishes sounded - some of them fell a bit flat with regards to flavors. However, the cocktails were wonderful and we got our meals in great time. \n\nI would recommend you do not get seated in the back of the restaurant - it is a bit too close to the hot kitchen and much darker than other areas of the restaurant.
The staff is always so lovely, it's quiet and I love the way it's set up. Perfect for a quick stop, to work alone or to hold a business meeting.
I'm vietnamese so when i  crave vietnamese food, I'm looking for authentic food. This place is quite authentic.  Food was great.  Prices were similar to other places but the restaurant was much nicer and cleaner.  Service was excellent which is not normal at other vietnamese restaurants.
Used a delivery serviced to place and order here. I was pleasantly surprised about how good the food was and the portions were pretty big. This may be my new fav Caribbean spot!  My only issue was that plantains we not included in my orders. Oh yeah, we had curry chicken and jerk chicken both were tender and perfectly spiced. The mac & cheese was a 8/10 which is pretty good!
This taco bell is hit or miss. A lot of lolly gagging goes on in the back. They get my order right mostly but the employee turnover is alarming. Today's experience the register girl was sucking her thumb, a grown woman mind you. On a positive note, one of the few taco bell locations that will still make an enchirito and a tostada. Plenty of parking available but clientele is often hostile so at times I've left at lunchtime in a hurry. Bathrooms are hit or miss. I've been in here dozens of times as I work around the corner. This is not a high volume location.
Felt like some good Mexican food so checked out Yelp and found this place. Went on the weekend for my boyfriends birthday and so glad we did!\n\nWe drove past it twice looking for it (looks like the lower level of a house so I didn't even spot it).  So on to what you want to know!! :)\n\nFood - was sooooooo yummy, I had the AAA Beef brisket taco's I believe they were called and they were so tender and delish. I normally don't go for beef but these were really good. My bf had the same and he loved them.  We had two Margharitas which were really nice. \n\nPrice - So reasonably priced, we shared some nachos (fresh made) and salsa, $4, My margharita was only $6 and my taco's (3 of them) was $14 and for an extra $2 you can get rice and beans. I chose not to and was still full leaving!\n\nAmbiance - I felt like I was in Mexico, it was a cute place for a date. Has a nice crowd and it's pretty cosy (yes in other words the tables are close enough together but it really adds to the place).  Wish I asked to sit on the patio as it was a hot night but was too lazy to move once seated.\n\nService - Our waiter was so attentive without being too much. First off he had us glasses of water pronto without having to be asked. I was super thirsty and not too impressed at how small the glass was but he was there filling it up everytime I needed it. Seemed like a really nice guy and he was Mexican which added to the experience. \n\nI am definitely going to be re-visiting this place and have recommended it to lots of people already. Perfect for a date night or with a friend. Wouldn't go here with kids. If you like Mexican food you won't be disappointed.
Great Hk style milk tea! "Authentic" Hk style food! Big restaurant with lots of booth seats.
Freaky good donuts!! The fry them fresh for you and then you pick your glaze and toppings. The coconut was my favorite!! The cinnamon sugar w icing was so good too!! Must try if your in the area!!!
I was in college in the 90s and used to go Zorba's all the time. Then I continued to return to campus annually, and would always go to Zorba's for gyros. The food is always nothing short of excellent. On our last trip, even my kids asked to go two days in a row. Plus the service of course. It is run by a family that  carries on the tradition of a local family style joint with a loyalty to the campus town. It is a staple, and a local landmark. Long live!
Local pizza shop providing excellent food for 40 years.  Pizza, hoagies, pasta dinners, salads, etc.  They also have cuts available all day if you just need a quick snack.  Worth a try for sure.
El mejor ambiente familiar que hemos encontrado en Las Vegas. La comida excelente y las micheladas de Lo mejor. Definitivamente Lo recomendamos!
I have probably been to this restaurant about 5 times now, so that just goes to show how much I love it here.\n\nIf you want some awesome tacos,you need to make your way to Playa Cabana. It's about a 10minute walk from Dupont station, so it's pretty convenient to get to.\n\nQuick take:\n- $$\n- amazing guac & chips\n- delicious tacos\n- good portions\n- good vibe for a date night\n- clearly I will be back here\n\nWhat I like about this place is that even though they are of the more trendy Mexican restaurant style, their portion sizes are still reasonable. My biggest qualm with a lot of places in the city that serve tacos is that the tacos are too small and too expensive for what you get. Here is not the case. I've ordered their lobster taco on more than one occasion and every time it's a solid 10. They actually give you real and sizable pieces of lobster. Not like other restaurants where when you order seafood anything, they give you like two minuscule pieces which you would need a magnifying glass to see. If you like lobster, get these tacos. They're amazing\n\nTheir quac and chips is also a good size appetizer. The guac is fresh and the chips are homemade and perfectly crunchy. The guac comes in a mortar and you can get different levels of spiciness. They also have additional hot sauces you can add at your table which are pretty freakin' hot and I do have a decent spice tolerance. When I come with a friend, we usually get the guac & chips to start and tacos (which come in a set of 3) and by the end of it we're pretty sufficiently stuffed.\n\nI had their sangria once and it was delicious! It's a little expensive by the pitcher but for a glass it is decent and definitely tasty.\n\nWord to the wise, this place is pretty tiny. Tables are pretty close to one another so if you are really big on private dining, this is not the place for you! It also fills up on a weeknight. The times I've gone at night I made reservations and every time as I'm leaving there is a lineup of people. Definitely recommend making a reservation. It's worth it especially in the winter time.\n\nThe service here is hit or miss. Sometimes I come here and my water glass is always filled and I've been asked how everything was going, got some good suggestions. Other times, I'm pretty much left to my own devices to ask for things. To me the food is the most important thing depending on the price point and I'm more than willing to come back here (obviously) even if the service is sometimes lackluster. The lobster tacos are that good.
My son and I had lunch at Charr today, the food and service was amazing. \nThe quality of the burgers and salads were outstanding. My son had the Carolina BBQ Burger, fries and a side salad, I had the The Phoenix Burger, onion rings with a wedge salad. The burgers were cooked perfect, their french fries and onion rings are the best I've had in years. It's so nice when the chipotle mayo, ketchup, lettuce (they use butter lettuce, yummy), tomato and onion is service on the side. That may sound crazy to some of you but I love it when the condiments are serviced on the side. Omgosh, we tried the Blueberry Bread Pudding, it was amazing. Our waitress Kristen S was attentive, courteous and best of all she knew the menu. \nWe will definitely be stopping in again. Thank you for a delicious lunch.
Everyone knows if you want dimsum, you go uptown. However, I'm a downtown(ish) girl living in an downtown world, so sometimes I have to make do with what is down here. \n\nPretty average. We came on a weekday during Christmas, and as such, missed the carts. Our card came already filled in so we had to scribble out the numbers to fill in what we wanted. Even so we got something we didn't order (but ate it anyways). They also came around with other dim sum items on plates in case we changed our mind and wanted something else in addition to what we ordered on the card. \n\nOnce finished, we sat for a while waiting for someone to take our card but then decided to just go to the cash ourselves since the parking was about to run out. Not sure if this is the norm or if they felt like ignoring us. \n\nStill, the price was good and I did like the large room and cleanliness of the place. I'm definitely keen on trying again.
We were big fans of Sens back in the day and have dined at all of Johnny Chu's places since then, so we were thrilled to see him open up Yaki Ramen in our neighborhood. Knowing it takes awhile for new restaurants to find their groove we waited several weeks and finally took the plunge last weekend. Happy to see some of our favorites from Sens on this menu including bacon wrapped lychee...amazing! \nWe filled up on a good selection of the grilled options so opted to share one ramen between the 2 of us. Loved that we got a full bowl of ingredients...not just broth.  Noodles and pork belly perfectly cooked, but the broth could have used a bit more depth of flavors, in their defense we opted for the traditional ramen, but they have several broth varieties that we'll try next time. Overall we enjoyed all of our food and cocktails. They have some great martini options. The service started out a bit rocky....mainly due to being busy and under-staffed, but they quickly recovered once more staff arrived to work. Enjoyed speaking to Johnny at the end of our meal. We will be back soon!
I was quite impressed with the cafe. I always assume food vendors and restaurants inside of museums or government buildings are more of a convenience than an actual attraction however the Divine Cafe has me waiting for next weekend to return. \n\nI love Veggie Benedict's so I gave theirs a try and to my surprise the ingredients were fresh and the presentation was impressive. The views of the valley are also worth trying the Cafe. \n\nI would have given them a 5 star review but the only reason I couldn't was because they cooked the spinach on the Veggie Benny instead of using fresh spinach leaves. This is more of a preference of mine vs an actual knock on the cafe. The rest of the menu was diverse and had many great, light summer type meals. \n\nI believe the menu was well thought out since most customers will be continuing their exploration of the park therefore need a light meal to avoid feeling sluggish. I enjoyde the cafe very much and can't wait to go back.
I am not a big fan of donuts but these donuts are ....sinful. Addictive too.\nThe only issue I had is with the donuts being handed to you in a not-so-tidy manner.\nIcing dripping down the side of the boxes is not good. The staff should take a little time and wipe off the boxes BEFORE handing them over to customers.
Been coming here for the past 10 years for my smoked meat fix.  The meat is very tasty and they are very generous with the portions.  I suggest getting a "Super" sandwich which comes with fries, coleslaw and pickle.  If you can't finish it just box it up and save it for later.  I usually go for the Super old fashioned or a Reuben.  They really pile on the meat in these sandwiches!  I prefer my meat sliced thicker with a bit more fat...but the thinner, leaner meat here still tastes good and is tender.  Adding hot mustard is a must.  FYI The takeout menu is cheaper than the dine in menu.
Ate here the other night with family and it was great. Everything we had was delicious. We started with some appetizers. Calamari was one of the best calamari dishes I have had. Caprese Salad, the addition of salad to this is a perfect touch. The best appetizer we had was the eggplant. Mouth watering! Our entrees did not disappoint either. We ordered the chicken parmigiana, cannelloni, linguine pesto and a pepperoni pizza. We will definitely be back.
It was a big sub with lots of meat and veggies, but I was super disappointment in the stale bread. Very very dry
Fabulous burgers! Great drinks and a wonderful staff! All 3 keep me coming back for more! Great local spot dead set in north phoenix! Kristin is fantastic at the bar and when the cooks make that 2am burger  Ohhh boy!!!! Joe and Myrah are always so warm and welcoming to every guest that walks through charrs doors!
This was the first time I came to this new restaurant.  I was surprised that the restaurant was so packed and festive during the night (Saturday). The deco was amazing and beautiful.  The atmosphere was casual to dressy, perfect for the fancier night out with the family or a group of old time friends.\n\nFor appetizers, I ordered the Fonduta, a five cheese dip with bread.  This included fresh pieces pita pieces, garlic bread pieces, and a fried dough which was kind of like a thick french fry.  I liked the cheese dip which wasn't too thick nor salty.  The appetizer was big enough to satisfied the 4 of us.\n\nI tried the recommended Arugula and Proscruitto (pronounced PRO-SHOOT-TO) pizza. I found the Arugula weird at first, to be having raw leaves on top of the pizza (salad on pizza?). But it did go well with the ham, and I became quite accustomed to the combination by the end.  The pizza was a flatbread and very little oil, which makes it also a healthy choice.\n\nSo overall, I liked the food. Our waitress was also very friendly.  We had a great time.\n\nHere's a little tidbit, this restaurant is managed by Massimo Capra, from TV's Restaurant Makeover.
Love me some Hook & Ladder! An addicting sandwich. I love it fresh and with Gator Sauce.
A lot of Pros/Cons to come...\n\nWent here for a birthday dinner, and was seated inside... boy - was that a mistake.  There were only 4 of us and it was wayyy too tight! Two people literally cannot stand side by side. It was VERY hot, and very small. It is a great little hole-in-the-wall restaurant... which is literally a tiny hole in the wall.  If possible, ask to be seated outside!\n\nThe Guacamole/Salsa were great - and was a good size to share among 4 people.  Would definitely recommend. \n\nWe ordered a number of plates to share... but to be honest, I was not blown away by their tacos.  Definitely much bigger than El Carnita - that's for sure, and MUCH better value - but the taste was pretty average. We ordered... Tacos de: Pollo al Carbon, Pescado, Carnitas.\n\nThe Mexican Street Corn is always my favourite part of these types of restaurants! Must have. \n\nThe waiter was fantastic, and gave us a really cool run-down and lesson on types of Tequilas and Margaritas.  We were very appreciative! Loved the atmosphere... although it was a little too hot in there. \n\nParking is hard to find, and it's surrounded by houses - if you're not in the area, I probably wouldn't recommend it.
Every single time I get sushi here it is FRESH. Always. \n\nI can't say that about too many places - so if you're in Liberty Village, this is the place to go.  They cut their sushi rolls into smaller sizes (YESSSSSSS!) and I'm so thankful - because I want to be able to enjoy it without it falling and crumbling out of my mouth.  They are always so great about any special requests I have, and every roll comes with a Miso Soup - how much better can it get?\n\nWould definitely recommend.  I always keep going back.\n\nFavourite roll: Philadelphia Roll, no cucumber with Raw salmon instead of smoked.
Great cafe with decent food, low prices, great environment, short lines, and plenty of seats.  This is a popular cafe for business luncheons especially with free wifi.\n\nThe burger ($9.50) is a solid meal with a side (options: tater tots, fries, soup, or salad).
Basically you pay money and you can play the games here's. The place is called GameWorks, you play games here. Half the reviews of the people giving 1 star reviews don't seem to realize that you don't get an unlimited playtime.
I've been to Panagio's quite a bit and I loved the breakfast place in the beginning. However, things are going way downhill recently.  \n\nThe mugs are not cleaned properly (i.e. lipstick stains) and has a strange dirty smell. The service is pathetic. I'd sit and wait 10 minutes without getting WATER. I've even waited 30 minutes for pancakes and when I finally did get my pancakes, it wasn't even cooked properly (raw in the centre, yummy).\n\nGoodbye Panagio's, forever.
Food was really good. Love how its really clean. We got the jerk chicken and a beef patty.  Definitely would recommend it.
The food is excellent if you can stand the horrible service. We tried three times unsuccessfully and today simply walked out when the blonde Lady bartender refused to accommodate a special request for dietary reasons. She was inflexible and exceedingly rude. she even used the F word at us. Very disappointing because it is nearby and the kind of ambience we enjoy. The only time we had a decent experience is when we were served by the owner himself. not worth going back for - we are done.
Well it took 3 tries, but I finally got to have breakfast at Panagio's last Monday. They were closed early on Civic Holiday, and were closed for maintenance another day I went by. But it was worth the wait. The restaurant itself was very nice, bright inside, large windows, bold colours. An attractive look, which is not something that I usually pay much attention to. The servers were pleasant, and the service fairly quick.\n\nAs for the food, excellent. I had the cinnamon apple French toast, 3 pieces of thick toast covered with apple slices and apple sauce (which was really hot when it arrived), and some fruit on the side. With coffee, the total was $14, and very well worth it. The menu has a wide variety of breakfast choices as well as sandwiches, burgers and poutine. I will definitely return to try some of the other breakfasts.
I stopped at the Villa Tap the other day for a cold one, and to watch a little bit of the Badger game.  I haven't been to the Villa Tap in years. The place hasn't changed a bit.  Great neighbor hood bar.  The only down fall was--it was a little busy and took a little longer than I would have liked to get me beer.  Other that that great time--tap beer $2.50.
Pho Linh, my love! I recently moved nearby and didn't even bother getting groceries for the first little while since I immediately fell for Pho Linh. The only downfall is cash only, but that's a lesson you learn once and it's no big deal. \n\nThe prices are more than reasonable and the pho is great - this is what got me in the door. But the rest of the menu and the service is what keep bringing me back. I'm obsessed with the cold shrimp & pork rolls (#23) and the vermicelli, grilled pork + spring roll combo (#40). I've tried other items, but these are real winners. The ingredients are consistently fresh, it's never greasy, and the herbs they use are so crisp and juicy. The service is always friendly and quick. Don't ever change, Pho Linh.
Ew. Honestly. This is the first time I've gotten a to-go order from a buffet (I was working), so I don't know if it's normal to charge by weight and include the price of the box, but I thought that was strange to pay for the container my food was in. Also, there were two girls working up front and one of them had an attitude with my friend who was with me and had me wait AFTER she ran my card to see if the new girl rung our orders correctly... My friend was happy with her food, but I pretty much did not like one single thing I tried and I put about ten different things in my box. Yuck.
Gameworks seems too crowded. Every machine was Taken, so you practically have to fall in line for every game. We went on a Saturday afternoon/evening time. During the week it's probably much less busy so at least one game could be playable without having to wait. Had a done in and the service was quick and delicious. No problems with that.\nAnd I felt that there were too many racing games. Not enough 4 player games or FPS. Nice location, great atmosphere.
This is probably one of my favourite Mexican restaurants in Toronto right now! I'm not Mexican so I can't vouch for authenticity, but the flavours were spot on! \nMy friend and I shared the shrimp bucket for appetizers:\nSimply delicious butter and spice marinade! The only difficulty I found was in getting the shell off the shrimp meat, which was a disappointment because the shell taken on most of the flavour!\n\nFor our main course we opted for the beef short rib tacos:\nThese were amazing! The taco shell (I think they used paratha instead of a traditional corn shell?) was crispy while the beef inside was the best I've had! It comes with various toppings and a decent portion of guacamole which goes perfectly! \n\nI don't remember his name, but our server was amazing. Although it got busy super fast, my glass of water was never empty! \n\nDefinitely make a reservation beforehand as it is a small place, but soo worth it. (Especially if you're looking for spicy food - they had the best chillies)
Great Indian food and well prepared. The restaurant itself doesn't feel super authentic, but the food is good enough to not care. Some of the staff are great, and a couple do seem lazy. Paulo is by far #1 and is very customer service oriented. I eat here (or takeout) at least twice a month and prefer it over other scottsdale indian restaurants.
Cons. Kinda pricey , limited floor space for the games. The restaurant area looks incredibly mundane and bland. I honestly think whoever designed this place was having a indentity crisis . I just feel like they don't know what they wanna be. \n\n\nPros. A couple decent games. My son is 6 so he was impressed! Lol staff was nice and helpful. Well ventilated for all the people inside. \n\n\nOverall it needs work, needs more floor games, still something to take the kids to do in this town you cant beat that . If it gets better I'll def come back
For the 8/21/2017 eclipse, my building bought some of the special eclipse donuts. I was excited to try them after hearing about them several times the previous week. Alas, they didn't send me to the moon. \n\nThey were nice and I was glad they weren't too sweet, but the dough texture was much less fluffy than I like; the donut actually felt a little lumpy. Also the frosting didn't taste like the chocolate or cream it appeared to emulate--it was bland. Don't get me wrong, I'll take a free donut any day. But I wasn't enticed to go back for a second. \n\nGotta say, though, I did love the theme and am always stoked when a retailer supports science, regardless of whether or not there are commercial underlying motivations.
Went through the drive thru on 8-25-15 around 6pm and asked for a number two combo which is two cheeseburgers, fries, and a drink.  They did not ask me what I want to drink, which I found odd, they just asked me to pull up to the next window and gave me a total of $2.70, which I knew was too low.      \n\nShe handed me a bag with a double cheeseburger and a small order of fries.  I said "Is this the #2 combo?" and the lady said yes.  \n\nEither it was this lady's first day or she was just a dumbass.  Beware when you go here and clarify what you want because the staff is dumber than a box of rocks.
Glad they opened up near the house.  When I need my Chicago "Fix" I stop in here.  Great Hot Dogs,  Italian Beef and Sausage.
What a great place. So happy to see the owners of a previous restaurant in Southern Highlands here. The food is amazing and matches the service and quality of food. You get that family feel and atmosphere along with authentic Italian specialties. Can't wait to go back.
Sister company of Ming Kei in Scarborough. Same chef. I think it's pretty decent and maybe better than Phoenix. Kept most of the design from previous Japanese restaurant. Clean, good service, good price, good portions. I got the soft she'll crab fried rice ($12.95) and I thought they would give me tiny pieces of soft shell crab and have to dig for them but there were actually many pieces ans big too. Overall I give this place a good thumbs up. \n\nDine in guests also get free Chinese news paper (either Ming Pao or Sing Tao), that's a dollar savings on its own!! \n\nThey have specials for everything, and dim sum too. But during hi-tea hours (around 3:15pm) it'll be the busiest so be ready to wait a while.
Yeah...\n\nSo Like everyone else, I am very disappointed with this location. I was so excited for it also! I thought that it would be a great addition to the Town Square and was really hoping it could live up to the previous version of Gameworks that was on the Strip.. at least a little. In my opinion however, it does not. Not even close. Which, is understandable actually. The Las Vegas Strip Location was fantastic in many ways. If  the Town Square location could even be 1/4 of what the previous version was, it could be great. \n\nI agree that first and foremost, this place should be about the games. I also believe that they have really failed at the design of the space as far as the games go. There appear to be a lot of cool games though they are crammed into a corner. The layout is not cool. So clustered and uncomfortable to walk through when there are many players around. \n\nStaff was all awesome and very accommodating, I will say  that now.\n\nI walked around a bit and saw the space in the back, that appears to be for private events maybe? A few empty rooms with LCD TV's mounted on the walls. I don't know, but I'd rather see that filled with games and maybe some themed rooms. That's another thing.. the space is so stark and boring and as I mentioned previously, the layout is kinda whack. \n\nThe bar specifically, and even a restaurant that serves alcohol should not be something that kids walk through. It's not a difficult fix. There should be a divider wall between those areas. there are a couple of spaces that can be divided off for over and under 21 patrons. I understand that Gameworks will draw many under 21 people, but  as this is Las  Vegas and there is a huge market for the adult kids! As it stands, it's very uncomfortable to sit at the bar. Your back is to the walkway with kids going by, just not cool in my opinion. It even looks uncomfortable for the bartenders and servers to be serving there. \n\nI know that people reading this: employees, managers, owners and guests alike, will agree, disagree and be every range of emotion available at these reviews that are so negative. It's not easy opening a new place. Going in, everyone knew there were high expectations. \n\nI can't even go into much else without writing a full website on the subject, but I feel like this Gameworks needs a serious overhaul already. I really look forward to some major changes and hope that they come sooner than later. I will occasionally drop in to help support that.. but I cannot see myself spending money on games until those credits drop or you some form of unlimited play is offered as it has been in the past.. say $20 10pm-until close for adults, and something for the kids on weekends? \n\nI wish you luck Gameworks! You are responsible for a great many happy and fun memories in my earlier years! I want to be part of something great like that again!
I was so looking forward to the opening of Charr.  Menu was looking great, right down the street from us,, burgers beers and fries.  How could it go wrong?  \n\nSadly, it just all went wrong.  My wife and I just grabbed a spot at the bar early on a Friday afternoon.  Not too busy at all, early dinner and drinks.  Keep in mind, we are sitting right "In the Middle of the Bar".  Took us what seemed like 5+ mins to get our first drink.  Were then waiting another 5+ mins before we were asked if we would like to order food.  Ok, definitely could have flagged a bartender down for attention if I wanted, but for a first visit was just seeing how the service truly was.  So already, we are off to a bad start.\n\nOur order was to split the Sliders on Mini Garlic Knots, the 5-cheese Melt and order of fries.\n\n1) Sliders were dry and very overcooked.  Was missing the Chipotle mayo and the buns seemed not fresh and too dense with absolutely no Garlic flavor.  Sorry, if you are a burger joint and you put sliders on the menu, they better be damn good.\n\n2) Five Cheese Melt was......incredibly flavorless.  We didn't even finish.  I was shocked.  5 cheeses an grilled sourdough!!!  How is it possible that it could be flavoress?  5 CHEESES! \n\n3) French Fries are the only reason it's not a 1 Star review.  They are really good.  Not the best ever or ground breaking, but still very crisp and delicious.  Their is no way in hell they are worth $6, but they are still good.\n\nMy wife and I promised we would give them one more shot and this time be more vocal if needed.  We really want Charr to work out but if the food and service remains the same, our next visit will sadly be our last.
The food was great but the service was definitely lacking. ..especially for what you pay!!!
One of my go to breakfast place. It's always busy on a weekend morning. The staffs are friend and would fill up you coffee before it reach the bottom.\n\nFood is delicious with big portion. You will definitely get your money worth here.
Oh, Red Koi...Why must you disappoint me and prove all your other critics right? \n\nMy last experience sounds more like everybody else's. We ordered the poke and tako salad appetizers. They were delightfully served in martini glasses, but that was the only good thing about them. The poke was WAY to salty, and the tako portion was very small. \n\nI ordered the sashimi dinner, but unfortunately the waitress heard me wrong and brought me the sushi dinner. I was excited for thick slices of fish, but instead got thinner slices on top of rice. I had already waited considerably longer than the rest of the party for my food, so I just decided to eat it. It wasn't worth the wait, as the fish quality was mediocre at best. \n\nI will probably go again, but it better be more like my first experience next time. My friend says it's hit or miss. I don't want anymore misses.
Love this resturant!  The lunch menu is priced just right and the portion size is more than enough, you can even share.  I like to come here sometimes and get the Mean Green Sushi roll.  All sushi rolls are buy one get one free so you will also get your fill, if you decide to choose that rather than a dish off the menu.  The staff is always friendly and the resturant is clean.  Enjoy!
The best donuts. The maple bacon is my favorite. If you are in the Charlotte area, go check this place out.
This is a great little restaurant! We almost missed it when we parked. My boyfriend and I showed up on a Saturday night without reservations, and luckily they had a table available immediately. I would recommend making reservations, as the dining area is small and always busy. \n\nWhat it lacks in size, it makes up for in quality of food. Toronto isn't known for their Mexican food, but this place breaks the mould. We ordered the guac and chips to start, baja fish tacos and steak burrito as mains, and the homemade lemonade to drink. The food was fresh and flavorful. The lemonade was on the sweet side, but good. We left full and happy and will be returning.
The Korean beef bowl was fantastic. I recommend upgrading to the fried rice. I ordered the chicken thigh skewer. The chicken was moist and tender. The prices are very reasonable so it was fun to try different combinations. Kelly the bartender was very helpful and funny. Overall great experience.
Decent sushi, if not the most inventive choices. It's on a lively little restaurant row in Liberty Village. Service was attentive and pleasant. The waitress knocked over a bowl of tempura sauce on the table and they gave us cute little crab rolls to compensate. Prices are competitive to other joints in the area, if not cheaper.
We were looking to eat dinner on a patio on a beautiful night and found this spot on Yelp! So happy we did!!!!  Loved this place!  We had the Thai fries (half order was plenty to share), they were the best fries I have ever had!  My husband had the Korean Beef Bowl and I had the Thai Beef bowl...both were excellent!  The bowls look small but they seemed bottomless, we brought both of our dinners home!  We will definitively be back!  We also had a dirty martini each...loved their drink names but were a little too sweet for our taste.  Our total bill was $37, couldn't believe it for all the food we had!  Excellent service as well!!!!
Service outstanding (Brenda and Jennifer). Braised pork with hot sweet pickles was yummy. Next to the Taylormade Golf Experience. Very enjoyable conversation and food.
I came here for happy hour with a friend on a Friday, and I wasn't overly impressed. We went because I saw they had pretty great drink specials going on. I love wine and will drink it almost anywhere I go. So, when I saw $6 glasses of wine for happy hour, I was excited. I had 2 glasses plus a small order of food. The food was ok. Nothing to rave about, and nothing I would go back for. I can find better food at better restaurants. But, come time to pay my bill...and I was charged $9.50 for each glass of wine! There was no special happy hour wine list that I had to choose off of and the bartender never said "oh well you can actually such and such wine for cheaper during happy hour." Needless to say I wasn't happy about it. I would never pay that much for a glass of wine at this basic kind of restaurant. I would only go back for the happy hour special of $3 craft beers on draft. Don't even bother coming for anything else.
*Update 9/3/17*\nI came back after the owner told me they worked out a few 'kinks' with the staff- and I'm leaving happy! They have a new server, Armando- who is great and the food is on par to match. They have actually updated the menu, and now have pork meatball fresh rolls with the crunchy piece in the middle, and I'm loving the Saigon crepe (which isn't a new addition but tasted extra good today!! Try out this place if you like good prices and Vietnamese food \n\n\n\nSo I've been here 5+ times and would rate them 3.5 stars. The pho is good but not the best, large portions and inexpensive- as pho should be! Love the spring rolls here and you get 2 for under $3. Mainly, my husband and I come here because you get your food really fast and it is inexpensive! The egg rolls are small but cooked fresh and also inexpensive. The sandwiches are $4 and although more bread than meat, the bread is fresh baked and very tasty. My pet peeve is the service here. All the younger Vietnamese(?) staff are very friendly and attentive, but there is one taller, older non-Asian gentleman that works there, and whenever he is working you can just tell everyone else working there feels uncomfortable. He is rude to guests and has consistently got my or husbands, or other patron's order wrong and doesn't admit his wrong, apologize or adjust the bill. When he is working, I will no longer go back in there. His lack of customer service and rude attitude ruins the dtphx neighborhood pho place!!
Oh my WORD. These beat out any donuts, anywhere, EVER. Seriously, so good. You just can't top that made to order goodness. So fresh, warm and delicious. We went today and there was a really good stream of people coming in and out. Despite being made to order, they're VERY quick, which we weren't anticipating. \n\nThe only downfall of this particular location is how rude one of the workers (Chris) was. We got up to the counter with our order written on the order form and handed it to him. He started punching it into the register, then rolled his eyes and pointed to the form without saying anything. We explained that we wanted 2 donuts with maple icing and bacon. It was our first time ever at Duck Donuts and we mistakenly put a check mark under the "Bacon" column, rather than a "2". The way he handled it was just rude. The other person at the register, whose name was Hayden, I think, seemed much, much nicer. She was very chatty with everyone she was helping and just seemed genuinely kind.\n\nEither way, we will be back. THIS is the place to go if you want delicious donuts.
Before Pho Noodles i used to go to Pho Thanh. Pho Than is a bit cheaper, but only by a few cents-$1. Pho Noodles does have a smaller space but it's not cramped. They have better customer service. The staff actually smiled and they didn't make me feel rushed to order. \n\nI ordered #24 and it was very savory. The steak had flavor and the broth was also very good.
Inconsistant service... but always a table or a couch whenever we show up.\n\nWe keep forgetting to go when there are large sporting events... but this is really a sports bar with a larger than expected menu.\n\nYou have 4 options of seating... the bar... tables / booths... couches... recliners.\n\nThe tables at the couches are a bit too tall for me... it feels like the kiddie table... so we stick with a regular table if possible.\n\nService varies... sometimes the staff could care less... but there are 2 waitresses that are really good with refills and check backs.\n\nTonight we started with the cheese board... never enough bread... more than enough "stuff" for 3 or 4 people.... strong brown mustard that never feels at home with the Brie or the Goat or the Cheddah... but over all a good $10 buy\n\nOur favorite for a while was the deviled eggs... oh the joy of great bacon!\n\nHubby's fish and chips were OK... not stellar... but good.\n\nMy black and blue burger was a perfect medium with a nice amount of grilled onion and just enough blue cheese.\n\nWe were too stuffed for dessert and sat back and marveled at the table full of beer bongs... almost as amazing as the group sitting outside by the fire in 33 degree weather... but this is a beer joint after all!
I took my family to Gameworks in Las Vegas in July 2016, and we had a good time.\n\nWe got a great deal with a Groupon for all day game play.  The arcade portion is smaller in floor space than other arcades we have been to, and this created a bit of congestion at times.  There is also a bowling alley and a couple of pool tables.\n\nWe ate dinner at the on-site restaurant.  We were a little put off by the initial customer service experience of being seated.  We almost didn't eat here.\n\nThe restaurant was loud because of the arcade, there were lots of television playing sports.\n\nThe waitstaff was friendly.  We found the food to be good, portion size was large, and the quality was good.  I thought the prices were reasonable for the quality and amount of food we got.\n\nI'm not sure if I would eat here again, but I would definitely take the kids here again with a Groupon.
Spicy noodles, chili chicken, chana. You will pass out if you have this for lunch but at least its tasty.
The Mushroom and Brie Burger is amazing! Cool atmosphere and the staff is pretty nice. Only complaint is the TVs are mounted so high that it makes it uncomfortable to sit and watch a game at the bar. All and all good place.
We just moved to Cuyahoga Falls and wanted to give this place a try we have been here twice now and no complaints about absolutely anything. The first time we ordered the butchers board appetizer (AWESOME) and then we both got burgers which were also perfect. The second time we sat outside I got the the chicken pot pie (which I could probably eat every day for the rest of my life) and he got the turkey club which was not only great tasting but awesome presentation. The service was above and beyond both times; greeted by host and seated immediately upon walking in and asked preference  of seating, waiter did a great job of timing everything we got drinks and then the appetizer and then the meals and didn't wait at all OR feel rushed. Great food, great atmosphere, great service :)
Best Gyros in Illinois. Fast and delicious. A campus treasure. A Champaign treasure.\n\nThe gyros are authentic and the santiki (?) sauce is second to none.  Greek salads are another highlight.
I've been to this quite allot and previous to going to it, I didn't hear many good things about it. \n\nLet m break it down - bread is delicious and fresh. \n\nHot Table - it's bland, looks reheated and greasy. They serve arancini but they are so unauthentic they call them rice balls and if you do call them arancini they girls behind the counter just stare at you. I've had almost everything there and one of the worst things there is their meatballs with taste like pulverized meat without any sort of seasoning or fat.The pasta are incredibly bland and the sausage has an odd mealy texture instead of being hearty and juicy. \n\nI always get the chicken parm and potatoe wedges. \n\nThe coffee - is terrible. The barista is adorable and incredibly very very nice - he's the young guy who just looks like he can't wait for his break. However even on his break he works and is always lending a helping hand. \n\nThe cashiers are genuinely nice and happy to see you from my multiple experiences. \n\nHowever I will not be returning. The last time I was there, a middle aged man took it upon himself follow me around the store and refuse to give me my purchase or coffee till I finished at the cash register. That's not how I've ever been treated prior to and I felt very aware that I was the only coloured person in the store and he only did that for me. \n\nOverall - just go to Food Basics or the Tims down the street.
We've had Duck Donuts and they are delicious.  Yesterday was National Donut Day.  We arrived at 6:53 pm and were told the store was already closed.  I realize we were trying to get in at the last minute but, if you say you're open till 7, be open till 7.  Disappointed to be turned away.  I worked retail for a number of years and we never shut the door before the big hand was at the 12, no matter how much we wanted to.
The beef hero burger patty, spring greens, creole mustard, smoked provolone cheese and tomatoes combo, would have tasted good, if not for the craptastic bun.\nThe bun was dry, somewhat sweet and not very fresh. I was really excited for this to be the best burger place near work, but I think I'm going to stick to the Angus beef burger on the ciabata bun at McDonalds. \nThe fries were very short, NONE of the fries i got was more than 3 inches long, not so convenient for dipping. I got "hero sauce" for dipping my fries in on the side, which was a mild mayo-ranch sauce with some herbs, which was the best part of my meal. The coke was flat. Total waste of calories.\n\nNot going back here again.
Best Jamaican food! I always get their Oxtails. They provide generous portions and the food is just soooooo delicious. One time I requested a large order - by the time it was delivered we noticed that plantains were missing. Once I called them back the lady I spoke with was apologetic and super helpful by providing us with a portion of our money back since they were out of plantains. This place makes sure they put the customers first!
6/29\nWe came to Game Works for some food and to play a few games before going to the movies. The food here is not bad, we did the food and play special which allows your unlimited games for the amount of time you choose.\n\nNow, the arcade portion isn't the best or the worst; there are enough cool games to go around, some classics and a few epic gaming machines.
Our friends suggested this place to us when we went to visit them in Toronto as this is their go-to spot for great Mexican food and I can definitely see why ! The food was so fresh and flavourful and the portions were very filling and for a great price ! we shared the spicy shrimp bucket to start , the shrimp were nice and big and very fresh but if you're not a fan of spicy this may not be the choice for you. butttttt if you like spicy food like I do then these are a great choice - muy caliente ! We also had the octopus taco which I was very excited about since I love octopus but I never really had it in taco form - it was delicious (also spicy) the octopus was grilled to perfection and the fresh corn and fresh toppings made it even better. As the main course my boyfriend and I shared the chorizo burrito which came topped with a fried egg, salsa Roja, salsa verde and cotija cheese. The burrito is pretty big and pretty freaking delicious ! (Though not really spicy but very flavourful). For dessert we shared the tres leches cake which was so light and not overly sweet. Also worth mentioning is the fact that they offer indoor and outdoor seating and do serve a variety of beers and cocktails. My only complaint is that the indoor seating is a little bit tight so there's not much room but as soon as the awesome food came I forgot all about that ! All in all I really enjoyed playa cabana and think it's a great spot to go with some friends or a date for some great Mexican food !
Have been coming here for years (initially when they were on 5th Ave. and then their Hayden location). The food here is always delicious and top notch.  Their lunch platters are moderately priced. And, free delicious hot Indian tea! If you are craving Indian food, eat here and you won't be disappointed!
Diverse menu, beautiful view, exceptionally fresh, quality food, friendly and knowledgable staff, spacious seating (indoors and out), kid friendly, healthy choices, and convenient for those visiting the park (you can also drive up and enter the cafe separately). I had a burger and was pleased that they offered to cook it to medium. It came out perfectly and was a huge portion. (Something I can't say I've felt at similar places.) Homemade chips were great. Fruit water was refreshing and welcome after a warm day. My son got a kid burger and I was really impressed at the variety and amount of food he received as well - veggies, fruit, crackers, tots, and a mini burger with drink included. Members get 10% off.
They sell their gyros in 4 sizes: 2 oz, 4 oz, 6 oz, and 8 oz. This is pretty neat as a large or medium gyro should be enough to suffice a hungry person. However, I have to say that their gyro meat isn't as succulent as I thought it'd be. The Greek salad wasn't anything special either. I gotta say that I prefer Niro's Gyros more.
Dont show up hungry or youre leaving broke....and quite possibly still hungry! The food and drink list (especially the beer list) was very good! But if youre here for a meal, consider your other options!
I love Pho and ate it weekly until I became a vegetarian. It is really difficult to find a great veggie pho and I finally found it! Pho noodles has the best veggie pho I have ever eaten! The broth is amazing and they fill it to the brim with fresh veggies. My husband who is an omni ordered the beef and he too thought it was the best pho he has ever eaten! This place is a must try! Also we had excellent service which is always a treat when the food is this great!
Calamari  tased like something from the frozen food section of the supermarket. Terrible way to start off a meal. The rest of meal was decent.
Let me start by saying we are HUGE Barrio fans. We have been to the Tremont & Lakewood locations numerous times. Our whole family loves it. We are Eastsiders and we were thrilled to see they were coming to CH. waited a few months after opening to let them get the " kinks" out. Went last weekend- what a disappointment !!  Service was fine. Tacos were swimming in grease. Pork and brisket were so salty they were inedible! We are hoping the other locations have not gone down the same road. Won't be returning to CH location anytime soon
A friend and I were looking for a nice lunch spot after visiting castle Casaloma. We came across this small but cozy authentic Mexican place. They served us house made chips with guacamole as appetizers. The guacamole is served in a molcajete (stone bowl). I thought that was pretty cool!!\nFor our mains we got fish tacos (Tacos de Pescado) and beef short rib tacos (Ancho Braised Short rib crispy Tacos). They were amazing!!\nI would definitely go back to this place on a daily base if I lived in Tdot. Thank you Playa Cabana!! I will be back.
The outside could be cleaned up for appearance purposes. If the outside looks like a trailer park I wonder what the kitchen looks like. The carpet is filthy and reeks of high traffic. The doors are cloudy glass that were never upgraded from when it was another buffet years ago. When you open the doors the inside doesn't match the outside. They upgraded the inside of the building-- too bad they don't know how many people judge a book by its cover and lucky for them we are greedy lol. Once we came in the restaurant is typical Chinese buffet with typical buffet food. Average Chinese food buffet style- what else can I say. Just close your eyes when you pull up. The outside will turn you away.
My girlfriend and I stopped in around 630 for dinner on a Thursday. The place wasn't super busy, but there were still plenty of people eating. When we walked in we were not greeted by the gaggle of hostesses standing by the door, in fact the didn't say a single word to us, but looked very annoyed that we happened to walk in the door right then. One of them quickly grabbed two menus, rolled her eyes at us and started walking away, before I realized we were supposed to be following her, I asked for a table on the patio. Begrudgingly she took us outside and sat us without another word.\n\nI was going to let this all slide as ill-tempered hostesses. Fine. Our server was friendly and happy to help us with a drink order. We ordered the calamari, fried zucchini and the greek meatballs to share based on recommendations here on yelp. The food came out quickly and we dug in. The calamari was cooked well, not rubbery. The fried zucchini was bland and tasted like old flyer oil, maybe an off night right? The meatballs were just plain terrible. Flavorless, soggy, lumps of meatloaf with mashed cucumbers under them. We finished maybe half of each platter.\n\nI don't normally write reviews here, and I don't like to complain, but the whole experience was just plain bad. The worst part of it, by the time my girlfriend and I got home we both felt ill. Maybe too much deep fried food? Maybe bad meatballs? I don't know. Either way I spent the rest of my night in the bathroom. Fair warning to any future guests.
In my opinion this is the best fish fry in town. I hate to even give a good review because it's such a well kept secret but they deserve it.\n\nChico IS the man!!
Came in around 2pm Friday so it was slow.  \nWe were ushered to a table quickly and got tea and started.\n\nFood price is reasonable. \nDidn't like the walk up to the 3rd floor but food was good.\n\nShiu mai, har gaw, char Shiu,  we're all good.\nDidn't like the pan fried dumpling as much.\n\nOver all good experience. Would recommend it and would definitely go again.\nI may take levator instead though...
I tried Duck Donuts for the first time after readying such great reviews. Let me say, for someone that is a big fan of cake donuts...this is your place!  For me, a newly discovered yeast donut fan...they were a tad heavy and sweet for my taste. I am still giving them 4 stars because I really think that this was more of my own personal preference as opposed. The service was friendly, the store was super clean, and this is a great treat place for someone looking for a hearty cake donut.
A snacking jewel in the Preserve.\n\nDecent food and a surprisingly gorgeous view of the Strip is the main draw of the Divine Springs Cafe. I came here on Thursday for the Happy Hour special which is from 4pm to 8pm and offers bar food and a decent selection of beers. \n\nI went with the tater tots, that were free with a donated toy to "Toys for Tots", and the Chicken Nachos. I also sampled the house chips that we're placed on the table as soon as  sat down. This place is by no means a hot bed of foodie activity, but a more a refueling station after exploing the preserve.  \n\nThe food is on par with most bar bites, nothing was terrible, but it also wasn't mindblowing, it was just good. The Nachos are a huge portion and definitely shareable and the house chips were nice salty snack before we were inundated with salty carby treats. \n\nThey only offer Happy Hour on Thursdays and the menu is pretty limited, but it's perfect food for socializing and catching up with the homies. I would recommend coming here during the day, this way you'll have a chance to snack on their full menu. \n\nLearn stuff and eat. It's the American way!
Love their cakes! The lunch or afternoon tea is better than the dinner. They give hot water instead of ice water to customers and that is the part I like. If they can make better milk tea or coffees, I will give them five stars.
We decided to hsve our football banquet here and it was great. The planning was simple, and there event coordinator Samantha went above all expectations to accommodate my team and our guest, including a last minute change of date. We arrived to game works early to set up and everything was already set up and ready for us. Our party host Brittney was attentive to my guest, because a bunch of boys will undoubtedly spill a drink or two, and the food and drinks never ran dry. One of the biggest compliments from our parents was in regards to the food, they were all impressed on how good the food tasted, the Italian spread was delicious. I will definitely be back. Thanks again game works
Definitely go on a Friday or Saturday when the belly dancer is here. She is great and really invokes the crowd and kids. I liked the coconut chicken the best. The spicy wasn't that spicy so next time I will try Indian hot. Our server, Joe was amazing and knew the menu very well. The best part was the happy hour. You can get a glass of wine for only $3!!!!!!
I visited Palette soon after it opened at 11AM on a Wednesday. I was seated and taken care of right away. Even though I was in a seat that was kind of hidden, my server checked on me every few minutes. I didn't have any of the service issues other people have noted on Yelp, but then, I was also one of the first customers of the day.\n\nAs for the food--oh my. I ordered the Mission Fig Salad. It was gorgeous. I should have taken a picture of it. The lettuce was green and purple with the full chicken breast neatly sliced to one side. Big crumbles of blue cheese, sliced fig, and candied pecans dappled the outer edge like Christmas presents beneath a tree. The balsamic vinaigrette complemented the sweetness of the figs and pecans in a wonderful way; sweet, but not too sweet. It's a big salad but it's not a heavy salad, not like a chop salad might be at another place. I didn't have any leftovers.\n\nAlso, it came with a toasted slice of bread. It was perfectly done--crunchy but not hard. It tasted very fresh with just the right amount of butter.\n\nThe cost ($13.50) was more than most salads at restaurants, but considering the local ingredients, I thought it was quite reasonable. I would absolutely eat at Palette again. I'd love to try some of their other salads.
*The Chalkboard Restaurant*\nThis was a horrible experience for an Italian restaurant. You get your menu from a chalk board on the wall, It's hard to read especially when its above your head. If that day they don't have something you like, well guess what you go hungry and go to McDonald's a few steps away.\n\nThey have the bistro concept, everything is "small". Small restaurant, small menu, small portions.
Ordered a big breakfast on a lazy Sunday here. True to its name, it is a huge portion, especially the generous amount of home fries I was given. Unfortunately, half of the home fries were over cooked, perhaps it could be cooked better if the potato pieces were cut into smaller bits. Major pet peeve, I asked for sunny side ups for my 4 eggs (part of the Big Breakfast) and 2/4 of the egg yolks were broken when it was brought to me. The staff there were nice, and offered to top up my coffee when needed. I would be a more frequent visiter if their working hours were extended.
The view from the outside seating is beautiful. The hummus is delicious. They accommodated my allergy and gave me cucumbers with my hummus. The salad was amazing! My friend had their soup and it was fresh and delicious. We both really enjoyed eating at the Spring Preserve.
Had a butter chicken and chickpea bowl with one piece of Nan for $13.00. It was okay, and the butter chicken was decent, but certainly not the best in the downtown core. Its fine, if you really have a craving for Indian at the Eaton Centre, but there are much better options (Like King Palace), within a short subway ride or a 20 minute walk.
This place has nice cheap tacos and on Tuesdays, they have a special Taco Tuesday which has really cheap tacos. Don Taco is small little place with few seats but I get the feeling that this place is more of a takeaway place than dine-in. The tacos here are pretty good and the staff are Mexican; and from what I'm hearing the food here is really authentic Mexican.
Prepare to be dissapointed! Ooh Vegas, you gotta stay away from this one, if you want to wait for your food, wait for your drinks, and keep waiting for service this is the place to be! One star for service, 2nd star earned because there's fun stuff to do after you're done waiting, lol. The place wasn't even as crowded as you would expect, I think because the word is out on the place already, and i got there at 8:50pm to eat, way past the dinner rush and the popular 6-7:30 dinner rush. One and a half hour meal and drinks could have been finished in about half that time, just spent too much time waiting. Me and Gary Z preordered our next drink because the first drink took half an hour to get the first one, lol. At least 35 min to even take our order for food. It's a 2.5 star establishment for a reason people! Don't get your hopes up just because they reopened.
Duck's Donuts is donut heaven! I have been here several times and my company also brings them in for breakfast. You absolutely can not go wrong with any combination. Just a note, this was my favorite spot when I was pregnant too lol. Want to talk about convenience, it's 5 minutes away from the Baby & Co birthing center (#issasetup lol). Maple bacon donut, don't knock it til you try it..sooo delicious!
No Chimichangas here.\n\nNice restaurant in an offbeat location on Dupont. Easy to get to if you get off at St George subway and just walk straight up Bedford for 5 minutes to Dupont. Its basically right there. Small little place which gets larger with the amazing patio on the outside. We started out on the patio but unfortunately the rain took us inside to a very hip locale with bar seating in the middle of the restaurant. Not sure what it was but there was lots of groups of young women at the restaurant this night.  \n\nService was quick and had waters to our table super quick. Unfortunately two of the three waters had remnents of left over food items in them. Getting past this the night only got better. The food was fantastic. \n\nWe started with the Guacamole/chips. Loved the baked tortillia chips. The Guac was tasty also.\n\nI ordered a burrito which was beyond huge. Filled with chicken, rice, black beans and all sorts of other goodness was super tasty and super rich. Desert? After you just served that oversized piece of goodness? Don't think so. Overall a super spot and fairly reasonablly priced food. Drinks were slighly pricey but where aren't they these days.\n\nI definately recommend.\n\nJosh
The location is better, away from the strip. It is a lot smaller from the old Gameworks. The games are great and up to date. Durning the weekend there is a ton of families. But it's a giant arcade so I can't complain. Overall it's okay place and the price is reasonable.
Good food, ambiance.. Liked their seafood chowder.. Had good amount of salmon morsels.. They also had pulled lamb on a bun with a fried egg sunny side up on the top... Very delicious...
This restaurant has fantastic, authentic Italian food, great vibe, and wonderful service at a very fair price. My husband is Italian and was very glad to find Trattoria Italia as he is often craving the food and ambiance from home and after several years living here in the states he has finally found just that!! We have had their pizza, aranchini, Canoli, and cassata Siciliana...all were fantastic! If you're looking for a great Italian place to eat here in Vegas, I highly recommend Trattoria Italia!!
What a cute and delicious cafe in the Canonmills neighborhood of Edinburgh. Based on the original cafe in Memphis, it has a southern cooking influenced menu. Everything is house made from the scones, soups and delicious meatloaf. Rory and Fergus gave us their best Scottish hospitality while we dined, luggage in tow, whilst waiting to check in our Air BnB flat directly above. My husband enjoyed the pancakes, I was lucky to have a taste, and I have to say they might have been the best pancakes I have personally ever tasted. I had a freshly baked scone cinnamon walnut scone and a delicious Americana. I went down later to take out the meatloaf sandwich and it was wonderful.\nThank you to Rory & Fergus for making our morning comfortable and delicious!
Service is slow, but friendly staffs. Nice place that you should take your shoes off and great location for playing board games.
Finally a good real Italian restaurant in Las Vegas! I was born and raised in Italy so I'm very picky when it comes to Italian food, and I can honestly say that Trattoria Italiana is my favorite Italian restaurant. It's family owned and that gives that personal touch that you can't find in the chain restaurants; I met Milena, her husband Ninni, her brother Pasquale, her son Giovanni, Laura the waitress, and they were all so nice to me and my family! I like the atmosphere because it feels like being in a real Italian trattoria, I like the table clothes on the tables (typical in Italian restaurants but not here in the states), the bread is phenomenal, they make it with pizza dough and it's still warm when they bring it to the table, and the list goes on. I and my family will definitely go back to Trattoria Italiana!  \n\nWe went there again for my husband's birthday the other day and we both had pizza: it was really good and I'm going to post pictures so you can see what I'm talking about!
There is very little  to eat in this hood that isn't fast food-y and frankly, I could eat pho everyday. I haven't branched out past the spring rolls and rare beef pho but they are both delightful. I have both eaten in and gotten it to go - in the time it takes me to walk over there (6-7 mins) it's waiting for me and since I have ordered the same thing each time (the three times I have asked for it to go as opposed to eating in) they know I want extra hot sauce and paying attention like that is a good indicator of how conscientious they are with the menu/ingredients etc. I say high fives all around.
Uhhh, no.  That will be my answer the next time anyone suggests Red Bowl to me.  The 3 1/2 stars it earned really surprised me though, however, I might've gone on an off day.  I didnt have sushi in the longest time, and was very excited to finally quench my craving. We walked in at 2:50, ten whole minutes before the lunch specials cut-off time.  We already knew what we wanted, but thanks to the snail paced server who took his time taking our order, we missed out on the the $7.25 entrees and were left with the $11-15 ones.  Big bummer for me, so I just opted for the Crazy Roll and the California Roll, shared between my lunch buddy.  The sushi took forever and a half to come out, anyway when it did, it was very delicious and we literally inhaled it.  We then decided to order the California Roll.......which was the worst thing I ever had, they skimped out on the rice so bad that you were able to see more nori than rice.  The rice was a bit crunchy too, and overall tasteless and inedible.  We did not eat that order, and they didnt even bother asking if we had a problem with it, something other establishments normally do.\n\nAnywho, overall I give them 2 stars, 1 for the California Roll and 1 for the bathroom.  I'll have to find another place for my sushi fix, cause this aint cuttin for moi :-S
First impression was confusing with the number of menus we have to read before ordering. Once we passed the first hurdle, everything we ordered was tasty. The staff are all very friendly, they gave you decent food for relatively good price. All our meals came with soup and a small dessert. We have gone back to Kitchen M 3 times for quick meals and all have been good. Our favorite is the chicken steak with spaghetti with garlic sauce.
There are a plethora of pizza places in the area and most of them offer average pizza at prices that teeter towards gourmet than just ... oh, I don't know ... pizza from a store in a plaza.\n\nReginos pizza feels like it's made by someone's Italian grandmother. They're generous with the toppings while still maintaining accessible pricing. \n\nit's also common to experience something at Reginos you don't expect at a pizza joint: good customer service. From the time they take your order though handing your pie to you they're smiling and saying thank you. It's so nice to be treated decently but so uncommon in most pizza places.\n\nThe best part about Reginos' Pizza is its balance between being greasily delicious but not too oily on your fingers. You're going to enjoy some good pie here but won't feel like you keg stand'd a grease trap when you're done.\n\nTO SUM IT UP: Good customer service included with every satisfying pizza ordered.
My husband and I have never had Pho and decided to try this place. We don't have anything else to compare it to since it was our first time but we both thought our food was delicious. We both got the pho beef? The service was good, we were actually the only ones there. Definitely recommend this place if you want to get some good Vietnamese.
Unique donuts, cool breakfast sandwich, good coffee, clean, they have a small sitting area outside, great to sit and drink coffee and people watch
Always a fun spot to go to...this place stays busy for a reason. Love the variety of tacos and the Blood Orange Margarita. Also has a great happy hour!  Thanks Forrest for the great service this afternoon!
I absolutely adore this place. They opened two weeks ago and I've already been a few times. Amazing tea selection, really wonderful and comfortable decor, and a huge selection of board games. The games are also sorted by type, and there's a detailed list included with the menu to help you choose (it lists the time to play and number of players). The service is friendly, the prices reasonable, and, again, the tea selection impressive. Highly recomend.
PHONTASTIC!!! There is a reason why this place is completely packed during lunch hour. Nestled inside the north east corner of 7th Ave and Osborn, I was happy to know that a new Pho place opened up closer to my office. As I walk in through the doors, you see every customer enjoying the food they are being served.\nI am the crazy pho lady who loves her Pho Tai and Pho Noodles makes it to perfection.\nI have been coming here weekly for the past month and will be coming back weekly!!\n\nThank you Pho Noodles!
The food was mediocre, but the sushi rolls don't come with any ginger? \n\nCustomer service was complete joke. The waiter acted as if I was a pain in the ass, and I was the only one in the restaurant. \n\nSave your time and money for somewhere else.
Not so much a review, but a chance to vent about about the negative experience we just had at Charr. The hamburgers are great and they have the best onion rings I've ever tasted. No complaints about the service.\nNonetheless, our meal tonight was very uncomfortable. The owner paid for our meal and told us not to come back. \nThe hamburgers now automatically come with truffle fries, which is a step in the right direction as they are a bit pricey. My niece wanted to know if she could substitute sweet potato fries and pay a little extra. The waitress indicated that this was not their policy. However, she would ask the owner indicatiing he would not like it. The owner came to our table asking what was wrong. So my niece asked again. The owner indicated we were getting the fries for free. My husband indicated that he does not eat fries so they would be wasted. My niece said matter of factly, "So you don't make exceptions." She did not say it in an accusatory mannter. This is when the owner's friendliness turned to hostility. He said that we would get everything we wanted on the house and added, "Don't come back." \nMaybe the owner had had enough complaints for the day. I don't think we were obnoxious. We were not asking for anything for free. We would have accepted, "sorry no exceptions. We wouldn't have liked it, but it wouldn't have stopped us from coming back as the hamburgers are that good. \nThe restaurant refused to take our money even though we expected to pay. (Ironically we were using a Groupon.)\nI don't have complaints about the food or service; in fact I have recommended Charr to others who liked it. I am not advising anyone not to patronize Charr. The food is great, but the owner overreacted. We live in Sunnyslope and like to support local businesses. However, the owner made it very clear that he did not want or need our business.
Food was great, loved my fish taco and chips with salsa, service was nice. Only downsize is that it quite small that I'd imagined.
Worst  experience  ever!! The hostess was rude. The waitress was rude and the manager Joe was worse!  I think Amy's Bakery has met its match! The food was as bad as the service.
Having lived in California for many years and eaten at many Mexican joints, I'd say this place is right at the top tier of the list! It's a tiny place with lots of personality. I sat at the small bar, where the bartender was cool and friendly. The food...gauc with chips to start...as good as anywhere. Entree...carnitas tacos (soft shell) with meat that was so flavorful and tender, accented with an incredible Mexican bbq sauce. I can't wait to go again!
I am not the biggest cake donut fan. But these are a game changer. They are heavenly!  All I can say is I have driven from Ballantyne twice in one week to indulge. Heed my advice and order the maple with bacon. They rival any of the more expensive local gourmet shops.  Trust me.
Pretty decent breakfast/lunch spot that seems to run your standard breakfast menu. Portions are generous. Quality is pretty good compared to other breakfast diners in Scarborough. I particularly like their home fries. Well seasoned! I would have given this spot a 5 star but I found a few undercooked potatoes in my homefries, and the wait for my food was a little longer than I had hoped on a Friday morning at 9am.
Guess this place just has a fun play around vibe. I'm comparing it to a place I used to go to that had games & food but was a hot spot to hang out at night! Took my 10 year old boy cousin and he had a LOT of fun!! From racing/shooting games to the ticket games! But the prizes were kinda ticketed too high for what my cousin could get on $20. Maybe kinda lower some of the prize ticket amounts an it would be good for the kids to want to come back. But this time around..was good! \nWent on a Thursday night. It was in the summer so it was very full with both kids and adults having fun. But my experience wasn't anything to brag about. I'm a huge games playing girl (went to fun factory - hawaii growing up) but gameworks was soooo nothing to love. Like I have no desire to go back..even if I had nothing to do. The layout was horrible. The food sitting area felt bigger then the games area! I think there was only 2 games that I wanted to play that was working. All the others were "out of service". Gameworks has only been open maybe a week when I went..why were the games broken? The whole design just felt like it was just put there..no thought put into the interior design. Very poor as a game fun center..didn't make it fun! Boo..bring a dave n busters!!!!!!!!
We went here for the first time last night. We decided to sit at the bar. The bar was not busy in the least bit and there were 4 people working behind the bar. It took 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us. After that, another 5 minutes to take our drink orders. After we ordered, we watch the bartender as he scrambled to figure out where everything was. Our drinks were simple, not fancy at all, one vodka soda and a whiskey coke. After looking for a couple of minutes, he comes back and tells me that they're out of the vodka I wanted, so I quickly picked another. He took about 4 minutes to make each drink. After sitting for 30 minutes at a half empty bar, we finally got our drinks. If this is the way the service will go, we will not be returning and I'm sure it will not create any repeat customers.
1. I'm pretty sure the bartender forgot to put alcohol in my cocktail, it tasted like juice. \n2. We asked to be moved several times because the AC was blowing so hard and switching tables didn't help. Our waitress also told us that they need to keep the temperature down because they get hot running around serving customers... umm what? The place wasn't busy, she wasn't running around, and also how do other places keep a comfortable temperature?
I did not enjoy my experience here. \n\nArrived on a Sunday night around 8pm; it was busier than I thought it would be, but we were promptly seated on the patio. We ordered the ceviche, and a couple of cocktails straight away. The cocktails were great, and the ceviche was meh. \n\nAfter a long delay, we were told if we wanted to order mains they would take at least a half hour. This really put me off, especially after the questionable ceviche, and the lengthy wait with empty app dishes and awkwardly still having the menus on the small tables outside. \n\nI'm sure they serve up some good food, and experiences, but I question the consistency.
Barrio has the best tacos and margaritas that I've ever had. I had gone to the locations downtown and in Treemont multiple times, and was excited to try the new one in Cleveland Heights. Similar to the Treemont location, the Cleveland Heights barrio has delicious food and drinks with a great casual atmosphere. \n\nBarrio is known for their incredible happy hour during which margaritas and tacos are $3 and $1, respectively. If you are near Cleveland Heights, make sure to check out this location.
While overnighting in Vegas, my wife said, "Let's find a good Italian eatery."  We did.  Trattoria Italia was excellent!  We started with Caprese.  My wife had Penne Arrabbiata -- "perfectly spicy" is how she described this dish.  I had Linguine Pesto w/chicken.   We finished the meal off with 2 Cannoli -- we were told "dad" made them ... whoever did, yum!  In past visits to Vegas, we would frequent a chain restaurant.  No more!
They took the salt shaker from my table and placed it on someone elses and didnt ask me wtf ??
I love them so much the best tacos ever! Friend service and fresh chips and salsa every time I come. Great bar selection and the best thing about it is you make it your way. Love the bar area and it's really homey. It's a one of a kind business and I live for the chorizo white widow with mild sauce x cheese and jicama slaw omg the die for! Love these guys xoxo
Such a great find! Love the scene...food was great, everyone around eating were talking about how good it was. Very good customer service. Truly a diamond in the rough. I recommend you try anything, I don't think you will be disappointed!
This was my first visit here because my job had their annual Christmas party here. Amazing atmosphere all around and surprisingly enough, not as loud as I expected to be (but then again it was a semi late Sunday night.) The food provided was excellent--we had a range from Pizza, wings, mini pretzels, tortilla chips, jalepeno poppers and mini sliders (which I kept coming back for, haha.) Our hosts were amazing! I forgot their names sadly (I swear one was named Lorenzo?) but the female hostess with the purple hair was extremely sweet and helpful and our male server was funny and cool as well! GW provided us free game cards and a 2 hour play card but this is a place where you get tired out at easily depending on what game you play (or what you're doing overall), so I only did a couple rounds of DDR. Noting from other reviewers, the games mostly seemed to be back in working condition, so I suppose they recently fixed everything? The only disappointment was the E-sports looked lacking (again, the time and day could have contributed to that.) Would I be back? Probably not because it is QUITE a distance from my place of residence but for special occasions, absolutely. Definitely a place to check out if you're needing an arcade fix or just a cool place to hang.
Quite "meh."  The service was good, but the food was decidedly average.  My Cuban sandwich was just missing something... I don't know if it needed more pickle, more cheese, or better bread, but it was just bland.  I finished my lunch, but I won't be making a special effort to come back.
Recently discovered that my 11YO enjoys playing pool, briefly considered getting him a fake ID so we can hit up PTs. Or tossing all furniture out of the living room and getting a pool table. Still working on the first option for Mr Papagiorgio, in the mean time we made Gameworks our go to spot for playing pool. \n\n Pros- kid can play glow in semi dark pool while you enjoy a Sam Adams. Only one of my kids likes pool, so our routine is to get a pool table, take advantage of the 14.99 for an entree and one hour game card special and send the more down to earth sibling out into arcade area, while we show off our non existent pool skills. \n\n Everyone's happy and filled up on pizza, fish and chips, or whatever other choice kids make. Bowling alley, where pool tables are, is usually empty and mysterious, if you are looking for ambiance. Smells like feet, as God intended.\n There are also daily specials and happy hours and such for the value minded. Also, pool counts as PE, right? I homeschool, so PE credit is important. \n\n Cons- pool games are far from cheap. $9/hour is making me seriously consider ditching the family poker table and investing into a nice "I'm over my man cave" Craig's list second hand-me-down.\n\n Another con is coordinating everything. We play at odd hours, so staff is light. Between hitting up one spot for pool balls, ordering food from another, juggling ID held for pool balls and ID required before Mr Sam Adams is brought out, it takes some logistical talent before everything falls into place. I learned to settle the bill upon ordering so that the ants in the pants sibling can get her hands on the game card early in the experience. \n I just go with assumption everything will go smoothly from there and throw caution to the wind. \n\n If you want to know about the food- it's frozen and fried, ok? Just like kids like it. Don't come here looking for culinary experience, shuffle over to Brio, you grown up, you. \n\n In short, it's where you can take the kids when they've outgrown Chuk e Cheese, and I am OK with that.
Amazing dinner and ambiance! It feels like visiting family here, and we are treated as such! Grazie mille !!!
I'm not a donut fan, but if I was... I'd probably go here every single day until the day I kicked the bucket. The donuts are fresh, made to order... some people don't like the fried-cake batter style, but a fresh batch with all the toppings you can imagine is hard to beat... no matter if you are a dunking donuts or a Krispy Kreme fan (y'all see what I did there?). These blow them out of the water, probably in taste and caloric content (don't quote me on that though). \n\nI've taken a few people here and every single one has said they will come back again after their next meal... it's that good.
I came here for my birthday dinner and was sat after only a two or three minute wait. Then we just sat at the table while nobody noticed us whatsoever. I ended up leaving because no one would even acknowledge our existence. I called them up to let them know that I had left and that no one had even asked us what we wanted to drink and the man who answered the phone just said, "ok." No apology, nothing at all. Their prices did were not great either. Needless to say I will not be back because I don't care for being ignored.
it's always feels weird to go to a Pizza Pizza after midnight.\n\nbut I like their walk-in special, from Medium size pizza for $4.99, Large size for $7.99, to the special 10" half size smile pizza for just $2!!\n\nsince they don't keep pizza precooked at night, you have to wait for about 10 - 15 minutes to get your pizza, but at least you get your pizza made to order and mouth burning hot!!\n\ngenerally your experience at most location should be the same, the reason why I gave this one an "A-OK" remark is that they doesn't have anything on the free spice rack there.\nusually they have the rack well stock with different spice, garlic powder and/or peppers. \nsome only have red pepper flakes and garlic powder, but this location left the rack empty.\n\nand for some reason they didn't hang the walk-in special banner outside, I had to go in there and ask, because they don't even have any sign inside the store mention anything about it.\n\n13/15
I really don't get the hype around this place. Tried this out after having all the other Chicago institutions for Italian beef and I have to say this was my least favorite. I have a couple of issues, the first is the paper sticking to the bottom of the bread. Shouldn't have to try to peel off paper that is almost glued to the bread. I also thought the Beef flavor and the dipping juice just wasn't all that great. Fries were fine. What's with the RC Cola lineup?  I'd rank Portillo's #1, Al's #2, and Luke's a distant 3rd.
Nope. Nope.\n\nThe staff is great,  they are helpful and sweet. The restaurant appeared clean.  But the food... no.\n\nI ordered the Spicy Thai Red Curry with shrimp. According to the menu this comes with red pepper, onion, potato and zucchini in spicy curry sauce. These were all on the plate... they just tasted gross. The vegetables tasted like frozen that had been heated. The potatoes were disturbing... they BENT. I pressed a potato onto the plate and it didn't rip or break apart, it BENT.... potatoes shouldn't bend. The spicy sauce wasn't really spicy either. The rice was mushy and over cooked. \n\nIt wasn't inedible, but I wouldn't return here. Honestly I've had microwaveable dinners that tasted better.
Service was great! Food was pretty good, I was not a huge fan of the meatloaf I ordered. Overall place was excellent and the drinks were good.
Good quality food for a cafe located in a museum.  I ordered a raspberry chicken salad which consisted of fresh greens, fresh raspberries, goat cheese, toasted almonds, and raspberry vinaigrette.  At $15.00, it was on the pricier side for a salad but it definitely made for a good, light lunch.  The grilled bread that accompanied the salad was soft and buttery and complimented the meal perfectly.
I tried bún bò hu for the first time here and my life is forever changed. I daydreamed about it for days after, which led me to try a pho place closer to me (Ginger on Yonge) which was awful. I must return to my first love at Pho Linh. It's worth the trip.\n\nThe price was super low, portion was huge, and tray of add-ins (herbs, cabbage, hot peppers, sprouts, etc.) was plentiful. And, complimentary green tea!\n\nThe restaurant is nothing to look at and a bit cramped when it's packed, but I don't mind. I appreciated that no one gave me side eye for my first-time pho eating attempt.
I implore you: Please please help Montreal mexican cuisine by treating yourself to Don Taco and supporting local businesses that are truly adding to the cultural diversity of the city instead of acting as hipster flytraps for white 20-somethings.\n\nSomehow it came to pass that a single Taco in Montreal should cost 6$ and be regarded as some kind of luxury. So I'm thankful for whatever confluence of disparate events that led to the existence of Don Taco - this miraculous Mexican food shelter serving 2-3$ amazing and delicious corn tortilla tacos. \n\nI'll call it authentic, and your eyes will start to roll from how cliche it is nowadays to call something authentic. Yet I swear they'll unroll as soon as the flavours of an Al Pastor taco reach the tip of your tongue. \n\nKeep in mind it's a tiny place, so either be happy eating while standing at the small counter/bar, or take your food to go. This is a great place to stop by for a quick snack while you're doing the million things you can be doing in the downtown core.\n\nWhatever you do don't miss it!
I'm in here for lunch every month or so, and I'm always impressed.  Fantastic food at very decent prices.  It's a great spot to hit if you're craving some Indian food, but don't necessarily want to go the buffet route.  They've usually got a good crowd, but the service has always been top-notch, no matter how busy.
So.  This morning Kayra and I went to Panagio's on McCowan Road for breakfast.  Kayra had a craving for poutine. \n\nI placed our order with a waiter at 9:28 AM the order included coffee and tea.\n\nTen minutes later, I asked the waitress for the coffee and tea.  The waiter passed by and said, "oh I was waiting for a fresh pot"  (yeah, right lol).\n\nAt 9:58 AM I decided to ask the cook if my order was in process and if not please cancel.  The owner looked and found no order.   Apparently the order was placed in a takeout package waiting behind the cash.\n\nI offered to pay for the coffee but they said it is free.  We left.\n\nComments:  when we arrived we noticed many tables not cleaned after patrons had left.  A fly buzzed by several times. \nThe waiter never once came by to give us an update nor to check on us.\nAfter we checked with the cooks and owner regarding our order, it seemed no one cared to remedy or apologised .\n\nDuring my last five visits I noticed a decline in the service.  It seems to get progressively worse with each visit.\n\nI will never return to this location on McCowan road.\n\nWe drove to Sunny Up on Kingston Road where the service was awesome.  In five minutes we were served (one waiter with the same amount of patrons as were at panagio's).  Not a big variety on the menu.  Breakfast with an Indian flair hmmm not bad. The regular potatoes served with eggs had onions and green pepper with a touch salt,  tasted great.
The place is very crammed inside. I prefer a table with room. It was a little uncomfortable.  The hostess i was not found of but the staff on general were very nice. The food was good. Had a couple chips that were stale but the food was good and the  experience was nice.  I don't think I would go back. I think I would try others places first before going back. I definitely think you need to try it for the experience.  I had a great time but it was not my favorite place.
If you want to eat a nice bowl of Vietnamese Pho around downtown area, this is a place to go. They are pretty pricey compared to the other Vietnamese pho restaurants (their size XL bowl of Pho is only as big as size M or L at other restaurants), but the taste is better than those places in downtown Toronto.
Dining in is a good experience. While being on the pricey side, they have more variety than most Chinese buffets and the building has undergone a beautiful, and probably expensive renovation.\nThey would get 4 stars if it weren't for a screw-up that tainted my view of them. A coworker and I ordered carryout and they gave me/charged me for a completely different item, giving me white rice instead of fried and no spring roll which came with the dish I ordered. I said the number of the item I ordered, not the dish, so the screw-up was solely on the cashier's end. She offered no apology, no discount (even though the item I was charged for and given was a dollar more expensive than what I ordered) and simply said "is the white rice we already gave you okay?" when I inquired about the fried rice I'd ordered.\nSo on the service end, this place is lacking. I will continue going here for the buffet, but will surely never order carryout from here again.
It's a fun experience to order your own donuts made fresh. We had three:  strawberry icing, cinnamon sugar and maple bacon. They were all so good, tasted almost like cake. Unique and a must try!
Food is good but this sandwich shop needs to pay more attention to the little things . For example,  no ice in the drink machine,  completely out of sweet tea, one of the entrance doors was not working.   We told the person at the counter  but he didn't do anything about it.   Granted it is lunch time,  but the place really needed so cleaning. Tables are not wiped down,  trash on the floor. A little more attention to details would really help.
Wir waren hier zum Brunch - man sitzt nett mit Blick auf den Schlossgarten, das Schloss und oder die Oper. Sehr nett. Das Ambiente ist eher seriös (passt natürlich auch zum Gebäude in dem sich das Plenum befindet)..\nSprich es eignet sich nicht für Familienbrunches mit mehreren Kindern (und mit Wickelgelegenheiten sieht es auch nicht gut aus). Wenn das Wetter gut ist, kann man aber locker mit den Kids mal raus und dort eine Runde Fange spielen - ebenso kann man dann auf der Terasse sitzen.\nDas Buffet war reichlich in der Auswahl und das Essen habe ich als gut empfunden. Schade war, dass es das angeschriebene Schokoladenrisotto dann doch nicht gab (hätte zu gern gewusst, was es ist).\n\n\n Fazit: mit anderen Erwachsenen gerne wieder, aber mit anderen Familien mit Kids eher nicht.
Been going here a few months now, some good experiences and some bad, have been waiting to post so I can average my comments out. So here we go, servers and bartenders excellent, they really, really try hard. Sushi menu and sushi chef, non better and never disappoints. Other food, hey shake some dice, watched tonight as some new residents to the area ordered and ate there food, they were not happy!
STAY AWAY Now that I have your attention let me explain. First time here, we were out running errands all day plus voting. On the way home we thought it would be a great idea to stop and have a cocktail and order some food to take home. I will break it down. Bar and bartender scary at best. Every surface you touched was stickey, gross. Bartender just wanted to go home. Bathrooms dirty, dining room had trash all over floor. Whole place just had an unpleasant smell. Ordered several apps and entrees to go (we left and were home in less than 10 minutes after getting our order),  including sushi. Sushi was the worst, most gross thing ever seen or smelled, it was WARM, fish was of some kind of ground consistenty, smelled and was uneatable. Egg rolls were missing. Called from home and response was "everyone does sushi differant, and next time u come in just tell us we will give u a free eggroll. Beef with asparagus was tasteless except for the spice which I asked them to make it spicy, asparagus was just the woody end trimmings that were uneatable. However it had a whole lot of carrots, WTH. BEEF was junk. Garlic Pork was tastless, just overly hot with spice. This in my opinion is the worst place I have ever seen.
Took my crap car, Yelp's own Susan C. and her better half (who has a most impressive Montreal pedigree) out on a Sunday jaunt to the edges of Mississauga for what is generally reputed to be the best smoked meat to be had in Toronto. Well, the GTA.\n\nThe Montreal Deli is just west of the 427 and has plenty of parking. That I'm leading with it being conveniently located just beyond an overpass and raving about the parking might not bode well. But it's not that bad.\n\nSmoked meat in Toronto (or Mississauga) is what it is. Depending on your Clintonian definition of what "is" is, Montreal Deli is doing its best. Prices are reasonable. The super smoked meat plate (about $11.50) gives you a nice stack of meat, fully acceptable fries, slaw, and a kosher dill. If you think of this as anything *but* a simulacrum of the true Montreal smoked meat experience, well, it's pretty awesome all around.\n\nFor purists, I've included in the photo section a photo of the Montreal deli smoked meat super combo and the gold standard of smoked meat, Schwartz's. A keen observer will note the difference in consistency of the meat. The Montreal Deli serves it up almost like a thinly sliced ham. Schwartz's gives you thick rich slices of smoked meat ready to crumble and then melt in your mouth. [Oh god, 2.5 hours until lunch time. - your stomach butting in]\n\nSusan C's better half quibbled with the bread and I defer to his judgment there. I was a suburban boy (a shout out to my homies in Dollard-des-Ormeaux!) Susan's better half is a McGill grad, hence a veteran of smoked meat and it probably goes without saying the Peel pub. From his lack of joyous weeping, I gather he was in the same opinion boat as I.\n\nI'll say this, however, service is fast. I think we had our food in about five minutes. I've waited longer at McDonald's for a McFlurry. \n\nBottom line: prices are great, service is fast and great, you get a lot of great food, it's still not real Montreal smoked meat, but give it a try.\n\n(Those without access to a crap car, you can subway it to Kipling, I think jump on the West Mall bus, and then get off before it diverges off Dundas. It's not an unpleasant walk to the Montreal Deli.)
Had a great meal even though the sushi chef was on vacation. My wife and I love the tapas/ half plate option. The shrimp and grits are out if this world. I asked for a small plate of roasted peppers with our caprese salad
Red Bowl has established a persona as a very good restaurant. Nice clean place, great service and great sounding menu. However the two times I have tried them the actual food is not good. The pork dumplings are anemic. The red curry shrimp was mostly onions, the dragon and Phoenix was like chicken in corn syrup  and the shrimp was bland and cold. However the food presentation was great, the actual flavors and freshness was sub par.
I like this place i have one problem tho i couldn't get serves at the gaming  area and kids run around every where here but otherwise its nice
Had the short rib poutine.  Nothing great.  Lots of gravey, but it made the fries too soggy.  At least it wasn't too salty.  The meat was like finely ground beef.  Not at all what I expected.  It was not worth $14.99, but everything at these airport food venues were $$$.
First time here and it was a good experience. Our waitress was knowledgable on the menu and very nice to us. I ordered a spicy penne pasta with grilled chicken. It was served piping hot which I love! \nI expected more pasta options. I didn't see any with seafood, but maybe I missed it on the menu. They had steaks and risotto. A fish dish was the special and a lasagna. \nThe restaurant had lots of booths which I really liked too.
Ate there for the first time on Friday. Really enjoyed the place, service and food. The cocktails are exotic and a variety that I haven't seen in other places. The skewers and bowls range from savory to sweet. I had the chicken skewers, Yuzu fries and beef bowl. All A+\n\nThe size and price of the food is like tapas. Two or three skewers, bowl and app make a great meal. Some "tapas" restaurants have huge portions and steep prices - yuzu's are just right . Here the orders are perfect to share a few bites. \n\nEven though it is a new restaurant the service and flow were excellent. All the service staff were friendly and welcoming.\n\nNow for another secret if you've made it this far in the review. The backyard patio is a secluded hideaway. Maybe six tables surrounded by a high fence and pine trees. Lakewood doesn't have enough outdoor dining options and Yuzu has one of the best.
I usually don't do reviews but my service was so good I had to give them props. The pretty Latina waitress Drea was so kind and caring, kept up with my table and drinks even on a busy night. Food was awesome and can't wait to come back and try another fabulous burger.
I drove out here on my day off based on the good reviews; figured I'd stop here then up the Trader Joe's at Metropolitan. As usual, in Charlotte, there is construction and lane closures on the street leading up to the shopping center. It took a good 15 minutes to go about 1 mile to get to the parking lot. Like Jimmy D., I am definitely a yeast donut girl not a cake donut girl. Like everyone says, they are hot and glazed to order. They were very sweet and very sticky so no scrimping on the glaze here. I tried a plain glazed and a chocolate glazed - under $3. Inexpensive and nothing to complain about just not my scene. I wouldn't make a trip here just for donuts but I wouldn't say no to one if someone brought them into work.
Went here on a Friday night specifically for the dimsum. The place is on the top floor of a three storey building. It was very spacious and they even have a dance floor. There had a lot of tables for large groups with a revolving plate centerpiece like any other chinese restaurant. The  dimsum menu was handed to us as soon as we sat down. This was my first time visiting a traditional dimsum place. The ordering process was very streamlined and efficient. We marked our orders on the menu and they would get them to us in carts. The food kept coming as it was ready and we didn't have to wait at all. It's great if you are in a hurry and need to stop for a quick lunch. I really liked the pork and chive dumplings with peanuts and sui mai. The night we visited they had a live music and dance performance. I would definitely come here again when I am craving some dimsum.
The food seems to have been on the buffet for quite a while. eggrolls weren't crispy, nor was any thing else that should have been crispy.  The rest of the food wasn't horrible, and the service was decent.\nThe cost for myself and my daughter (who is 11.) was $19.93\nWhich seemed a bit much considering I got water and it was lunchtime!\nThere is a buffet down the road which also has sushi and chinese and it was much cheaper....and much tastier, I might add.
One liner:  perch rocks\n\nIf you are looking for an awesome perch fish fry, Villa is your place.  One of the best I have eaten...light greasing and no grease.  It is Canadian Lake perch if that matters to anyone.\n\nSmall and cozy neighborhood bar!
Let me just start this off with saying DIDNT EXPECT to spend the whole day here and indulge in happy hour, invite a friend out and listen to some tunes whilst enjoying the amazing view of the sun setting. I just wanted to check out the SP as I have not been before. My experience was five stars all the way, we will be making Thursday's a regular thing at Devine. Amazing service, can't beat the HH prices, food was delicious and the view is like the icing on the cake. Do yourself a favor and come here for brunch, lunch happy hour or good old fashioned dinner whatever fits into your schedule the vibe will sell itself. \n\n\nP.S. Thursday's Happy Hour 4-8pm usually with live music just saying (:
Great traditional pasta. Best spot I have been to since eating pasta in Italy. Would go there again and again. This is a family owned restaurant and service is always great.
Great service. I'm a fan of the Belly dancing on weekends which can be fun when on the patio with enjoyable weather. I also recommend the Prawn Vindaloo if you want spice.
This place is a joke. 50% of the games are out of service. I'm taking my business to D & Bs
I love taking the kids and our visitors to the Springs regularly.  It's one of LV hidden treasures.  Having Divine Cafe makes it even better.  Don't have to make an extra stop or eat junk food prior to our day. A great family outing. We always lunch at the Divine Cafe before we start. The food is exceptional and always fresh and hot.  The kids love how their food is served. I will leave this surprise for ur visit.  We made reservations for Mothers Day and was not disappointed. Omelets, pasta and sides were fresh and hot. I like my food very hot or crisp and cold!!! The steak was perfectly seasoned and tender. we tried several drinks that were consistently mixed the second time around!  The bacon was in a odd area but no crowd getting to it. The size of the desserts r perfect!  No waste for a perfect taste! The price is very reasonable for the Brunch with a view to Make a perfect beginning or ending of ur day.  We look forward to another Brunch!
Laconi's is a decent local fare. The prices aren't expensive (they're better than corporate restaurants of similar quality). I enjoy their red sauces (and meat sauce) for pasta, but can't say much about the pizza. If you are looking to support a local business and have food that shows promise, then Laconi's is a good choice. I wouldn't take out-of-town family there if you're trying to impress.  Chef Ramsey would have a few critical things to say.  The eggplant was surprisingly good.
Yeh, it is only $1 a slice but!!!!!!!\nCrust like thin burnt toast!\nCold cheese on top!\nForgetaboutit!
Not interested in lids? This KFC is for you. Don't want a knife? This KFC is for you. Can do without butter? This KFC is for you. Prefer to wait 10 minutes to have your order taken while the help talks about their hangovers? Want to wait 15 min. more for your food, and then not get what you ordered? This KFC is PERFECT!!! \nIf this were the first time I would give this place a pass before I posted a review, but this KFC has failed previously. Hence my wrath.
Ma La ramen was really delicious. The not too spicy peppercorns really compliment the flavor of the broth. The pork belly was really crispy and good. They seemed a little stingy when you asked for things like extra green onions though. Overall very flavorful and good ramen.
I come here with friends all the time for board games! I love the Bam Bam Chai and all their desserts! (We once got the Sweet Treat platter and every single thing was DELICIOUS.) I also love the Ballad Salad, the falafels, and their delicious raisin pita! The specials are usually great, but the one time I didn't like it, they took it back and didn't charge me for it.\n\nThe board game selection is really great and often the management will come back and check out what we're playing and see how we like it. \n\nThe only downside is the service can be pretty hit or miss. I'm not sure if this is because we normally sit in the back, but we often have to hunt someone down to make an order and sometimes the we'll get a dessert before our main! haha. \n\nIf you have a lazy afternoon to play board games with your friends, this is the best place!
Ok sushi. Here are a couple things I didn't like: no sushi sheet and pencil, soy dipping dish too small, and salad not served with sushi. I wouldn't go back. I like the place in queen creek.
the maple syrup donuts with bacon on top is sooo good. I'm not really a donut fan but this was too good. Came with friends and we all really liked it. Wish the place was bigger though..and had more seating spots to eat the donuts. Half of us were standing and eating.
Excellent Pho! I took my friend here (we're friends from Edmonton) and we both liked it a lot. The house special is delish and the noodles were excellent. I'll definitely go back again. The only downside, as with so many Toronto restaurants, is that the washrooms are not accessible.
I find it just ok. I'd give it a 2.5 if I could but definitely not a 3, so...2 it is. By just ok I mean that you won't feel hungry afterwards nor feel sick, you won't need to frown when eating those tacos but won't remember what they taste like as soon as you're done with your meal. There's nothing special to it, the tortillas seem to be store bought and sauces pre made and watery like almost every other Mexican place in Montreal...\n\nOr maybe I'm just being picky having lived in Mexico for many years...
I've been a fan of Napoli for years, but my last 2 pizzas were both underdone - very doughy crust, underdone. We got onion and hot peppers on the pizza, and they were mostly uncooked. Something has changed, and we just got our last pizza here.
Stopped by with the kiddies to take a break from the strip and was pleasantly surprised. Everything was clean and the staff was friendly. The reason for only 4 stars is a few of the games didn't work and there weren't any signs indicating this so we lost credits. Also, I used an amazing Groupon deal - I don't know if I'd come back without it. On a side note, the prize selection for tickets is great- lots of items at different values.
Came into this place, we were told we could sit anywhere. Decided to sit outside and enjoy the view and weather. Boy was that a mistake! \n\nWe were almost completely ignored by the wait staff. We attempted multiple times to get their attention to attempt to get served. Every time we were told some body would be by, nobody showed up after. \n\nMany other people sat down after us and they were visited by the wait staff and got their drinks. We weren't even brought water. After an hour of being ignored we decided to leave.
First off, I'm Vietnamese. It takes a lot to impress me. I have eaten at most, if not all Viet restaurants in the immediate downtown core and I would definitely say that this place is close to the top of the list. \n\nWhy? It's simple. Food is just plain good. No gimmicks, no tricks. Just plain good. The menu is relatively small, and they are good at what they sell. A lot of of other pho places have endless menu options but half of the items are just plain horrible. \n\n\nTop Menu items:\n\n1. Bun Bo Hue\n2. Banh Cuon\n3. Any Pho bowl\n4. Any Vermicelli bowl \n\nBun Bo Hue - basically heaven in a bowl. nice and spicy and they use a traditional pork broth. Lots of love in this dish. This is often my go to. \n\nTheir pho broth is awesome. Not to salty, and extremely flavourful. I also love of this place because they give you FRESH noodles. You have to ask for it though. Everywhere else is generally pre-packaged noodles. They don't skimp out on the fresh basil, lime, and bean sprouts either.\n\nIf you haven't tried Banh Cuon before, do it. Probably the best in the city. Well- portioned with vietnamese sausage crispy fried scallions - delicious!\n\n\nDownside: Cash-only and small menu. But who cares?
3rd time I've been here, Really tasty ramen.. Fried tofu it's really good as well. Nice selection of sake which is a good thing
This place is sooooo good!!!!  The portions are big, and they don't cheap out on the meat!  I love it!  There are huge selections to choose from, something as exotic as Oysters all the way to the traditional hargow and siu mai.  I also love how they are one of the few restaurants left to bring dim sum around the tables in push carts.  I really am all about preserving tradition!\nThe restaurant is pretty big, and both times I have been here I didn't have to wait in line.  The servers are pretty busy so you have to flag them down.  But once you do, they are quick to comply to your requests.  \nI definitely will come here again for dim sum.
The best pizza in Squirrel Hill. Napoli makes the most New York/New Jersey-like slice you can get in Squirrel Hill. No, it's not as large a slice, but they do a better job than anyone else of getting the sauce and cheese to melt together and live as one.
The food I had was great. I wanted more, and I expected to come back. I'm surprised to read that some people were less enthused by their food.  It wasn't the best tacos I've ever head, but it was definitely above average, and I basically didn't have any complaints with the food.\n\nThe place was busy, noisy (because it was busy), there were a few mixups with the order and a server dropped a tray of drinks nearby, so it was a bit too chaotic. I hope that it will calm down a little and that the food consistency will settle in (since my food was great, and other people seem less enthused), and everyone will agree this is a nice place to go for drinks and food.\n\nGive it a bit of time to find its rhythm, then give it a try.
I recently moved to the Markham - Sheppard area and have driven past Panagios a few times and always wondered about it (since I hate Coras and eggsmart). I finally decided to try it out because, well, yelp ratings almost never lie!\n\nlet me just say that I'm picky when it comes to food because (not to brag or anything) cooking is a hobby of mine and I make pretty darn good eggs bennies,  pancakes and French Toast! So suffice to say, impressing me in this area is hard!\n\nI have to say, none of the food was out of this world. It was simply OKAY, but I likely won't return again because okay food and uncomfortable atmosphere don't cut it for me!\n\nThe restaurant seemed clean, although I usually judge by the washrooms and I didn't visit them when I was there . \n\nIt is a large open concept area just like Coras, the grill and cooks are behind a counter making your food. I personally dislike this because it makes the area a bit too noisy and uncomfortable which makes me not want to hang around too long. I prefer breakfast spots with booths and closed off kitchens kind of like Perkins family restaurant. \n\nWe didn't really have one specific waiter, they kind of rotate and each person on the floor kind of helps whoever is near. The staff that helped us were smily and friendly and our coffees were refilled promptly without us having to ask each time.\n\nOur food came quick, we didn't wait too long. Like I said, the eggs Bennie were average. The French Toast was also average, I have had and personally made way better and fluffier french toast. I had toast and poached ggs, nothing special. \n\nAlso, surprisingly, on the menu it says each plate comes with fresh fruit. We literally got a sliver of a peice of orange and a small piece of pineapple...really? That's totally cheating! Serve least 1 cup/serving of French fruit on a plate before putting it on the menu!\n \nI wish I could have enjoyed this place more so hubby and I could have a go to breakfast spot right next dooe.. but, for now it's still lady marmalade all the way downtown :(
Delicious Mexican meal at affordable and competitive student prices. It's a little tight on space but the feeling of authenticity was completed by my almost complete inability to understand the jolly and pretty cashier's accent. \n\nCheap prices, easy access but there isn't many tables with a lot of space. So if you're 4 or more, forget it.\n\nDon't judge a book by its cover. The cover is admittedly pretty sad considering how small the joint is making it incredibly easy to ignore while walking by.
Great family run place giving fresh made bread and other hard to find specialty Italian items\nTHE JALAPENO CORN BREAD is amazing for all you spicy lovers!!!
Excellent Chicago style Beef, thoroughly love their bread. My fave is the beef and sausage combo with provolone and hot peppers. The surrounding are very plain, so go for the flavor, not the scene. Of the 3 of the big Chicago Style sandwich joints around, Portillo's, Luke's, and Big Al's, this place would be my go to for a take out during a work day lunch.  Not really a sit down type of place, but the prices are kinda of high when compared to the other two listed, but probably edges out the other two in flavor alone.  The bread and Au Jus and meat combination are worth it.
I can't give an all too extensive review because we were mostly secluded in the billiards area of the main bar (by the entry way). It was date night but there was a long pause between dinner and the movie so we tried our hand at gaming. We walked through, a lot of seemingly unsupervised teens but no issues and a few families. We decided on pool and beers. It was $5 per hour for the table and about $6.50 per beer, but of course. The table was a little rough but we weren't auditioning for "The Color of Money" so no worries. If the bartender had been more attentive (or the bar back to be specific), we'd have spent a lot more to keep the beer flowing. It also took a bit to check out and settle the table tab, because again, the Bar Back was preoccupied with... something, whatever it was, keeping his conversation with fellow employees on point and fairly oblivious to customers. The bar was pretty empty for a Friday evening. Overall,  an 'okay' experience for a limited one.
I had a sandwich here more than 14 years ago and I have been thinking about it ever since.  I came back today hoping to find that mystical sandwich not sure exactly what kind it was.  \n\nThe decor and ambiance is an old fashion homey feeling.  It feels like the kitchens of my childhood. The servers are very sweet and add to the home like atmosphere.  \n\nThe food comes out promptly.  And the portions are huge!  The corned beef was bursting out between the bread.  It was awesome,  and so were the sides of fries, and coleslaw.  \n\nThe apple pie is awesome too! Again it feels like old fashioned apple pie A LA mode.  It was the proper portion and plenty of ice cream.  It wasn't overly sweet or too big like the diabetes inducing portions at Demetries.  \n\nI don't think the sandwich I tried so long ago was the corner beef so I will be back to try them all!
If you're from the North or east side and wanna see every washed up coke snorter/asshole from high school this is the place to go...
It took us 15 minutes to get a drink & there were so many flies above the liquor bottles... the  second drink I got was so bad I could not drink it. But I guess I should have known because they misspelled the name on the menu--and not in a funny ironic way. The food was just all wrong. It felt like they just drowned everything in sweet sauces to mask the quality of the food.
Arizona has been plagued with a ramen deficiency since the dawn of man. Countless restaurants with delusions of grandeur have attempted to free our wasteland from this tonkotsu drought, but we were merely left with watery miscarriages by the likes of Ramen Republic.\n\nAlas, YakiRamen has arrived to ease our weary souls, residing in a really fucking weird part of Phoenix that nobody has ever heard of. \n\nGeo-roasting aside, this place has the best ramen in town. YakiRamen is right at home with the mom-and-pop izakayas of LA's Little Tokyo district. What it lacks in stuffy, traditionally bland Shio, it makes up for with bold, unexpected flavors. Unlike most hyper-authentic ramen stops, YakiRamen is tame enough for the in-laws; There's no shrimp heads or I-double-dog-dare-you-to-eat-that-thing-esque ingredients. Admittedly, I'm bummed by the lack of variety in meats and good ol' naruto, but I know Johnny'll think up some crazy way of incorporating chicken, beef and fish.\n\nTL/DR: IT'S LIT FAM
This is just okay.\nThe website makes this place look a lot better than it actually does. I can't speak for the Mississauga location, but the Scarborough one pretty much looks like an old Mcdonalds inside - with crowded tables.\n\nNot worth making a trip here, but if you're in the area its a cheap option.
Hey, Sunday afternoon and I'm thinking what's for brunch?  River Moon Cafe!  Anyway, this is a tiny little place located basically in the middle of nuttin.  They have nice choices for brunch.  I opted to start with a nice glass of mimosa that was served with a yummy cinnamon pastry.  Next came super fresh fruit.  I picked huevos rancheros with chicken chili.  This was a nice break from the ordinary.
Small, off the main street, hard to find, but well worth the effort! Unquestioned, the best cake donuts in Charlotte! My second visit here was even better than the first. The people taking your order are always polite and helpful. The girls making the donuts are always smiling and offering to "give you more toppings" and being sure your order is just right. The minute your donuts choice hits your mouth, you know "This is the best!!"
First time eating here was satisfying. The various dumplings were good quality and you can see they were freshly prepared. Other food lacked flavor and I had to ask for extra sauce.\n\nIf you go during their happy hour, it's a decent deal.
Excellent,  excellent service. Alex our waiter, did an exceptional job. We are here on vacation and we wanted to have a dinner. I must say I am surprised. Good job Alex, food was good, service was good, evening was perfect. Keep up the good work.
2/10/2016 waited 30 minutes to be seated. Still pretty unclear being it was a Wednesday. Our server, Gabrielle was OK but obviously ready to go home. Her personality was tired, exhausted yet forcing herself to get through the shift. She took our orders, drinks as well. She brought me my drink, minus the straw. Said she'd be back with it, never returned with one. This happened 3x's. We nebrr received our buscuits because they were cooking. We finally got them AFTER the meal. When she brought our food, my 15 yr Olds meal  (chicken strips with fries) was cold and obviously off the children's menu. My daughter is 6'1, far from a toddler so 2 tiny strips with a handful of French fried did not cut it!
Again another yummy sushi time. The Super Duper Baked Roll, wow it's huge and delicious. Only order if you are hungry or sharing. Some new wait staff on board, runs even better.
I love this place. It's fun to select your toppings and the donuts themselves are taste.  Chocolate sprinkles for me!!
This place is awesome! Have eaten there numerous times and food is great.  Best veal parm in Phx. Good service, authentic Italian food.
First visit here and was not impressed. The sushi in pretty low quality, my wife's noodle dish was basically spaghetti with soy sauce and the service was awful. I'm pretty sure they didn't really want us there. Here's the deal, this area is up and coming and there are good restaurants everywhere, this place won't be around much longer if they don't step it up. Skip it, don't waste your time or money.
Awsome food ,great service. Great place to hang out & have a brew ! Really nice & helpful staff. Defiantly coming back.
The E-Sports section is the true gem of Gameworks. $4 an hour (when you spend $20), tons of games on PC, XBox One, PS4  & Wii U, and discounted prices on food. \n\nAmazing value for lots of family fun!
"When they drink dey rum, dey only want roti, aloo with channa, mix up with some curry" wish they would play more chutney on the radio. Anyway, back to the review....\n\nThis is the closest thing Arizona has to a good Guyanese (or Trini) curry. Since there isn't Guyanese roti shop (that I'm aware of) in AZ I make do with Tandoori.\n\nThe atmosphere is cozy and inviting. The staff always friendly and accommodating. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the belly dancing when I'm eating. Makes me feel like i'm in a strip club when they're people sticking money in the dancer's sari. I love the fact that there are always Indians eating here, that's a good sign.\n\nYou wait a little longer for your food but that means it's fresh. It's not fast food so if you can't handle the wait, go to mc donalds. This is not a food factory. I always get the tikki masala with the Aloo naan. It's good and it faintly satisfies my cravings for curry with roti or dahl pouri. Tandoori's version of Roti is some chip thing not a west indian roti, so if you're looking for that get the Naan. The only thing missing was some rum haha.  The portions are very generous so if you're on a diet.... be prepared to slip up.\n\nPrices are great, I believe a dinner for 2 with no alcohol, is around $35, very affordable for fresh cooked food.
A great place with hearty portions.\n\nThe staff is friendly and welcoming. \n\nCoffee and water refills come frequently.
Having recently moved to Toronto from Texas and not having had much luck in satisfying my TexMex fix, I was very pleasantly surprised with PC.  Great service and the food was very good.
I thought it was alright. Da Vang is still my number one choice for Pho. I ordered Pho Tai and the broth is off to me somehow. The springroll was loaded with old cabbage and it threw me off. The peanut sauce was weird too. Maybe I was having a bad day.\n\nHowever the service is nice and professional-not necessary for a Pho place in my opinion. I like to be in and out quick like at Pho Thanh and Da Vang.  The portion is big which justify the price.\n\nI do have a critique on the atmosphere and the lightning.\nWhen i was there it was sad. Maybe I was alone and it had been raining that day and I was lonely. Play some music and open the window cause I can hear all the chatter around me.\n\nI will be back another time to give it another swing.\n\n\nBTW water should comes with the menu every time. Bam bam bam. I like Da Vang and Pho Thanh cause they go this rather going.
Extremely good; Glazed & Cinnamon were great donuts! Must TRY!
We ordered several pizzas online and the toppings were mixed up between them.  We called and were told they would send new ones out when they were in the area and it shouldn't be long since they were so busy from the football games.  We live a half mile from the location.  An hour goes by and then we were told they normally don't resend food out that was wrong but they will.  Another hour goes by and they kept getting more rude on the phone.  3 hours go by and we get hung up on on our next call.  We tried back after getting hung up on and were told it would be another 3 hours.  We never got our replacement food.  The customer service line was very helpful.
Eaten here twice this week- delicious Indian food!!! \nMy fiancé and I are visiting from Iowa and honestly cannot get enough of this place. Their staff, Bobbi and Joel, were really kind and helpful. They know the menu in and out and Joel had great suggestions. I had the Chicken Korma and it was perfect. Recommend getting an order of Naan- plain and pesto were really good. Also a must have is their delicious basmati rice. Oh, and don't forget to get a Mango Lassi- they're really tasty. Another great thing is that their happy hour is from 5-7 and they have a great selection of well priced drinks. \nIt's pretty challenging to find this location- it's on the north west corner of via Ventura and Hayden road. Google maps has it wrong. PERSEVERE IT'S WORTH IT!!!!
Best donuts ever? Yes. \nBefore today I didn't think you could do any better than a hot fresh Krispy Kreme. But Duck Donuts changed the game.\n\nSo we went on a Sunday morning about 9:30, couple people in front of us, not crowded parking lot. But by the time we left, still before 10am, the line was out the door.\n\nThe maple bacon donut was amazing. Hard to describe why it is so amazing, so just try it.  They used some tasty bacon, no bacon bits. And the donut texture was yummy, cake batter style. And they come out warm. \n\nI just wanna go back and try everything. So glad we checked it out.
Ok let me be the first to review this place... \n\nPizza pizza, forget about it! Pizza hut, forget bout it! Any other pizza place forget bout it. \n\nReginos pizza is amazing!  They have great pizza made with amazing sauce, fresh toppings, and a savory soft crust.  The price is very reasonable and I guarantee you will cry on your first bite lol.  I don't know what else to say.\n\nWe ordered a half and half pizza.  First half was steak strips, second half was extra cheese mushrooms and chicken.. Both amazingly great!  I highly recommend this for ppl who love pizza you will be happy you had ataste of reginos
Fine job catering: steak Marsala was on point, ceasers salad, green beans, mashed potatoes and cannolis to finish. Good mix of doneness-es on the meat.
This place sucks when it comes to service.   \nWent there today after several poor experiences in the past. Trying to give Charr one more chance.  No one greeted us for at least 10 minutes.  When the very tan, blond woman finally approached us, she was very kurt and I never did see a smile one her face.  We ordered drinks, which were delivered in a timely manner but when we were ready to order we found her to become very rude when I asked about customizing my meal.  When I finally conceded to her inflexibility she rudely snatched the menu out of my hand, with a nasty look on her face and stomped off in the direction of the computer to place our order.  At that point I decided we were through.  I expressed my feelings in what was probably an inappropriate way, left a few bucks to cover the cost of our drinks and headed for the door.  As we did, the server said, "don't f**king f**k me!"\n\nThere are only 3 reasons to go out to eat in my opinion.  Good food, good ambience, good service.  Food has been good when I have eaten and the ambience is good but the poor service combined with ugly attitude makes this place a disaster...  \n\nYeah, won't be going back here ever again....
This place has the hot dogs that are closest to Chicago dogs in Arizona. I have visited this place often. I love their fries. The problem for us is consistency. Their food quality is not consistent. Lately, the buns have been hard. The buns are half of a good dog. We have also had their Italian beef. Sometimes it is a bit spicy. You can also buy a pound of beef and a loaf of bread to make it yourself at home.
Our group meets every month for dim sum. We love this place. The service is fast and attentive. The food is consistently top notch - there are interesting food combos and it is always fresh. You order off carts here, though. So if you don't know your dim sum or are not willing to try what you don't know, you may have challenges. The cart ladies do try to help a bit, but really you are on your own. \n\nWhile you are at the mercy of whatever is coming by, if you ask for some specific dish usually they can a) send the right cart lady over, or b) tell you when it is scheduled to come out. \n\nYou can be in and out in an hour. Our gang paid $13/person all in!\n\nVisited: Feb. 15, 2015; March 15, 2015
Customizable donuts, this is a thing now.  And yes, they are fresh off the line, but I wasn't impressed with the quality of the donut, or the variety of toppings, which is pretty standard.   I've had better fresh donuts, and better topping options.  Duck donuts, however, marries both together, so you have that going for it.
Amazing food and great people.  A family owned and operated place with owners and family from Italy. It's hard to get more authentic than that. All of the sauces are made fresh daily from authentic Italian recipes. The desserts are made every morning by an Italian pastry chef. The cannoli was the best I've ever had. The lobster ravioli was amazing, with huge pieces of lobster. We drove clear across town to eat here and it was totally worth it.
I came to this hotel for a wedding, so it was really picked for me in a block of rooms.  The location is great if you are heading to the outlets or QVC, which I hear some people go to for shopping (LOL). The staff at the front desk were very friendly. The rooms were nice, clean and bed very comfy...The bar area was nice, jam packed but we enjoyed ourselves. I didnt see a lot of hotels in the area but if you need one in this area I would recommend it.
* Food is average and well presented\n* Cakes are really delicious\n* Place is neatly decorated and looks clean\n* Average priced\n* Decent service and can get busy at times
I absolutely love this restaurant! The flavors are so incredible, and best of all, they have taken care of me (because of my food allergies). I feel safe eating here despite all of my food allergies. This is a must-visit and a must-eat! Also, the belly dancers rock!
While having to wait for an unexpected car repair, my friend and I chose Charr since it was close to my mechanic.  Not a big fan of the industrial décor, but if the food is good I can live with it. Well - ugh!  A far cry from a burger joint, the menu was uninspired. We ordered the basic Charr burger -  one medium rare, the other medium well and got them cooked exactly the same. The garlic bun was intriguing but we both would have preferred them warmed a little. Ketchup served as the condiment of choice? I would prefer Thousand Island Dressing and maybe toss in a couple pickles. Neither of us had ever tasted Truffle fries, and I can honestly say I will never bother seeking them out. The muscle bound staff stood like guardians at the path to the restrooms. My friend braved the trail past them, announcing she had been in better restrooms in gas stations. I decided to skip the use of the facilities. I think a staff could at least "fake" busy so you don't feel like cattle being surveyed by prospective bidders at an auction. Charr is totally off the list of restaurants, and I wouldn't bother trying any of the sister restaurants. I can understand why people find their reservations available - it's because no one really goes there. Too many good burgers in town - I've learned to accept a $10.00 burger like I accept gasoline over $3.50 a galloon. The difference is, I have to buy gas - but I can get good food elsewhere for that $10.00.\n\nI only wish I was in possession of one of their coupons they put out regularly. A painful experience is better with a coupon.
I am a big fan of ramen. I have been to different places all over the world especially Japan. The ramen at Yakiramen is very good. I had tonkotsu ramen and the broth should have been a bit more richer. However, the toppings blended in well and hence, it was very delicious. The eggs were perfectly "soft-boiled" and I enjoyed every bite of it.  The price was very reasonable. The service was wonderful. I am giving this four star because I would want to see "richer" broth option, extra toppings option, and takoyaki be added to the menu. Please consider opening for lunch as well. Thanks!
This is how passionate I am about this place: I literally just finished scarfing down three pizza slices and got up to write a review.\nBackground: I'm not from 'round these parts.\n\nOn a business trip to Pittsburgh (the second time I've been in the city and the first time I've been on my own) I had no idea where to go for dinner. Being a little on the south side (Green Tree) area, I decided Yelp was my best answer to avoid chain after chain after chain restaurant. If there had been photos of Police Station Pizza online I might not have gone. It *is* a hole in the wall but I find that these are some of the best places.\n\nLike Jake says this is not your average pizza. Most people expect pizza to be NY or Chicago style crust, sauced, topped and cooked. At Police Station Pizza they warm up some pizza on a thick, foccacia style bread, and then top it for you with whatever you want. However, they don't have exotic food here. So when Brian asked me what I wanted I said pepperoni and pineapple he cut me off to say pineapple was too exotic for them! Well, after that I just said give me three slices - your favorite, one I have to try, and one that's unique to the area. I ended up with plain, sausage, and peppers (hot and banana) in that order. \n\nUnfortunately I got pretty effing lost between the pizza place and the beer store (damn your Puritan laws Pittsburgh!) and the hotel. So by the time I got back to the hotel the pizza was lukewarm at its best but my stomach was grumbling and didn't care. I imagine the pizza is a helluva a lot better hot but even lukewarm it was pretty damn good. The sausage isn't too salty and not really spicy which I liked. Sometimes I find that ground sausage at pizza places comes across as super salty & spicy. The pepper pizza slice was unique and I might try them again on a NY thin crust style and, well, by the time I finished those two slices all the toppings had fallen on to my plain making it...unplain. \n\nSo 3 slices, $5.25 total, and ready within minutes. For the ability to get pizza by the slice by some nice, local guys, I totally recommend Police Station Pizza. For the best pizza you've ever had in your life? This isn't the place.\n\nEXTREME NOTE: Cards are not accepted here. Bring cash or forfeit fees at the ATM at the convenience store next door.
Great pizza and great service. These guys are really great, nice people with awesome pizza. Try a cut of plain or spinach with their ranch dressing. You should draft your will first bc you might die and go to heaven. Just sayin.
Love Smashburger but don't go to this location especially for take out! First online order, arrived to pick up, dozens of employees working, no line and no acknowledgment that order was ready....food was cold. Second attempt for pick up a few weeks later waited in line to pay, was called over to pick up food, handed over my credit card and was told I would have to get back in line to pay after already waiting 10 minutes in the line I was called out of!. Ummm no! Manager is to busy watching the order screen then to watch the customer service. All in all don't order for pick up and go to a different location!
This place creates very delicious and fast sushi. They are very sweet and attentive. They will even make certain substitutions if you ask! Definitely recommend for a quick lunch!
The food was great and came to the table hot but I reduced it by a star for service. On hey Sunday afternoon with the parking lot helpful we still had to wait 15 minutes to be seated. Also the waitress Melody was or in her service. She failed to bring us straws for drinks or crackers for our crab and also we always had to ask her to help her drinks refilled she never stop by to fill them on her own. Once we were done with dinner it took her 10 minutes to realize that we were done and come over to bring us a bill.
Heard about this place through my work. I was definitely not disappointed... This is simply the most adorable tea house ever, with very friendly staff. They have an incredible tea selection. I especially like their Fairies' Blood: the name picked my curiosity, and the drink did not let me down! They have great food, and very fair prices. It is all vegetarian, with GF and vegan options, and some items can be made GF and/or vegan as well. Game selection is great too. It's also a great place to read/knit/smoke shisha as well, and it's very cozy.\n\nI think it's fair to say I'll be a regular here... And the owners can probably already tell! I'd give this place more than 5 stars if I could!!!
The crispy fried tacos and chips overloaded me - heavier than I'm used too. The chips were super salty too. Make sure you look at the taco description to see if it will be fried.. When combined with generous portions of meat, I got full really fast. \n\nAlso, the place is pretty cramped inside but the service was good.\n\nPrices are reasonable but I was surprised how much they charge for chips, salsa and guacamole.
My boyfriend and I went to Charr for restaurant week. We were a little early for our reservation, so we sat at the bar. The bartender was really nice and lively. I ordered a cocktail off their menu and it was pretty good. \n\nWhen we sat down for our meal it took some time for our server to get to us. She came to us and asked if we had been helped since we already had drinks. I guess the hostess didn't inform her?  We ordered crab cakes for our appetizer, the portabella burger with truffle fries for me and steak with marsalla sauce with potato cake and asparagus for the boyfriend, and bread pudding with Bourbon blueberries for dinner. This is the reason I'm giving this place 3 stars: service was really slow! Another couple sat next to us after we were seated and they got their food before us. I'm not sure if it was because of the steak we ordered, but it was a long time until we got our main course. The actual food tasted good, but nothing to die for really. Also, their tap water tasted a bit off. Maybe it wasn't filtered? Eek..\nJust like this rating, my experience at Charr was A-Ok.
I went here for the first time for restaurant week with my husband. The service was a little slow but the food was wonderful. We had the charr garlic chili glazed wings, easily in the top 3 wings of all time meaty, crispy, and the sauce was amazing, we actually had the waiter leave the plate of sauce so we could dip our fires in it. We had the Carolina BBQ Burger on a garlic knot instead of regular bun, which is a genius idea, and the truffle fries. We finished our meals with the apple crumb cobbler. Everything was amazing. Even though it was a far drive for us, we will be making the trek again just for those wings and burgers. Can't wait to try out the rest of their menu.
Went here over the weekend with Boyfriend and we really enjoyed it. We really liked the low-key atmosphere complete with fireplace, a dozen flat screens, recliners and tables that used super-comfy love seats as their booths. It was rather quiet on Sunday evening, and we enjoyed relaxing at our tables -- it kind of make waiting for food easier. Service was just fine, and I appreciated that my waitress made sure to bring me another water when mine was gone, even though she was carrying another table's food in her hands as well. We got the Sweet n Sour Tails for an appetizer and while they reminded us of a similar dish at Red Lobster that we like, they were really nicely done -- not too hot, but the heat could be adjusted by eating the fried jalapenos for those who like it hot. I chose the special of the day, the Mahi Mahi fishsticks with fries and fruit salad. Boyfriend chose the pork chops and mashed potatoes. Everything was really good -- it's one of the few times I've heard my boyfriend say that everything in his meal was good (and we've been together for 9 years, so that's saying something). And I really enjoyed my fishsticks -- they were high quality and yummy. Even the fruit salad had some extra care put into it with strawberries, watermelon, mint and grilled peaches. I'd definitely like to come back here again, and from the looks of their drinks menu, that'll be one of the things that I'd like to try next. :)
I have heard much hype about this place and thought I'd try it out, and to be honest I was definitely not impressed at all. If you are looking for something authentic, you won't get that here. The food wasn't horrible, it was ok but nothing to rave about. \n\nWe went on a Tuesday night, the place was super busy and we had to wait a while for a table. The restaurant itself is really small, if your claustrophobic I wouldn't go there. The tables are so close together that the back of your chair is touching the persons chair behind you. \n\nService was a 2.5/5 for me because after the long wait, once we did sit at the table no one had come over for a while. Once our server came over he seems frustrated, which i guess is understandable because it was busy but he could have been more friendly. I had ordered a sangria and was unaware that it was grapefruit based, and he switch it for a glass of wine which I appreciated. We ordered Nachos a la Plancha for an app (not actual nachos, it was two pieces of tortilla), which took some time coming out, and the beans were a bit burnt. I had taken maybe 3 bites before the server came over and said our mains our ready and needs to clear the nacho plate, too which we grabbed our piece and he took the plate away so fast that we didn't even get a chance to take the jalapeños that came on the side. We didn't even get to enjoy our app because we were being rushed for our mains. Again, because of how small the place is, the table wasn't large enough to hold 3 plates at once. \n\nFor our mains we got Tacos de Pollo al Carbon ( 3/4 because they were super small and not filling at all for the $, and there was more red onion than anything else. Once i picked off most of the onion, there wasn't much left at all. Ordered a side of guacamole to make it more filling, it came in a 2oz cup and was over $3!) and the Toluca Choriza Burrito (4/5 because it was filling for the $, tasted the best out of everything we had ordered)\n\nFor dessert we tried the Churros and Tres Leches cake, which were the biggest disappointment. The Churros tasted like nothing but oil, and they had dolce de leche on them, but the sauce was really runny and watered down, not your usual thick dulce sauce. We couldn't even finish them. The Tres Leche was the most non authentic. It tasted like a regular boxed sponge cake, super dry and the only milk it had was on the plate. \n\nWe were almost the last people in the restaurant and we definitely felt rushed throughout our meal. \n\nI'll give points for the decor because it was pretty cool, but other than that  \nI wouldn't spend my money here again.
Liked it. Food good. Greek burger and all appetizers are great. It is a sports bar and there are plenty of TVs with all of the current sports events on. Very cozy with the fires going
This place is a zoo. It's loud and dark and very very busy. The food is mediocre. It's a difficult place to keep track of kids. They do have a lot of TVs if you want to watch sports.
Let me tell you, when it comes to Vietnamese food I'm quite judgmental.  Not only is it my culture's food, but I have been surrounded by viet mothers who secretly cook competitively against each another my whole entire life. When I go out to have Vietnamese food, I don't expect a lot, I just expect it to be quick and tasty enough that I wouldn't pause and re think whether or not I want to take another bite.  I've heard a few things about pho linh and their infamous homemade banh pho. After having their bowl of pho, I can see what the rage is all about.  The banh pho is great, it tasted fresh and had the right amount of chewiness and matched perfectly well with the savory sweet soup. I also ordered the banh beo, which consists of small steamed rice cakes topped with chopped dried shrimp, scallions, mung bean paste, crispy fried shallots and nuoc mam (fish sauce). The texture of the banh beo was flawless, it wasn't soft and nor was it powdery (I've actually had banh beo made like this and it was not pleasant), I figured that if the banh pho was made well that the banh beo would come to par. Definitely a great Vietnamese establishment!
If u are vietnamese, and if u love vietnamese food, I really recommend this restaurant. Some food I found this restaurant makes them very good and I didn't find yet in others restaurant. \nI love the stuffed rice pancake here " bánh cun ch ". It is served with fish sauce kind of sweet, add more green pepper if u like spicy. I got full with size M, for girl. \nMy friend tried vermicle with toased beef and she really loved it. \nFresh sping roll 2$ for each one, not too expensive and very fresh like its name lol. \nServe very quickly, no need to wait too much.
Closest pho place near central. I love coming here for the chicken pho, the broth is perfect. The spring rolls come in orders of two with the peanut sauce which is also very yummy. The place itself is very small, but very clean and the staff is always very nice.
This was the best Mexican i've had to date. The atmosphere was good and the staff was very friendly and timely. We were hungry earlier so there was only one table seated on our arrival but come 5pm the place started filling up quickly. Each dish was well constructed with clean bright flavour and was well presented.  My boyfriend and i split 3 dishes, Mar Y Tierra was there surf and turf burrito loaded with big juicy chunks of rib-eye steak and prawns was very good. I would have to say there tacos stole the show thou we had the Tacos de Pescado this was there fish taco that day was snapper and we choose to have it grilled, this was my favorite of the night, the filling was big pieces of the grilled fish tossed with corn and some kind of creamy sauce that was amazing along with guac and onions in a soft shell, the other was Tacos de Chori-Queso a chorizo and cheese taco, this comes out in a crispy shell on a bed of lettuce was very good as well thou quite greasy. We also had Margaritas which were perfectly exacuted
Wonderful stunning views of las Vegas from the deck! Kinda like a central park. They have basic American stuff like salads pizza and burgers. Its not cheap. But they have free chips and salsa at the corner end which is a plus.
AMAZING!! Their pork belly is to die for! We ordered a tonkatsu ramen and it was soo good! Broth was delicious and noodles just perfectly cooked. We also tried the quial eggs and they were fenomenal. We are definitely coming back!
Been there 2 times this month and the Bun is very skimpy.  Mine had 5 pieces of lettuce and the sauce to dump over was not enough to wet the dish.  Always order the summer rolls, the peanut sauce isn't enough to use with 2 rolls, we ordered extra and they charged is $1.  We also ordered 2 summer roll orders and one had shrimp the other just pork. \nThis food is cheep to make so I'm thinking they need to bulk up the lettuce dishes and make it a true meal.
I am from California and each time I come to Ohio to visit family and friends, we HAVE to make a stop at Yuzu!! The vibe is so great and the food is amazing!!  We love the extensive beer options and unique descriptions, they always make me laugh out loud :)  The service is always above and beyond and the food is affordable and never disappoints!  The rice bowls are my favorite! I love sitting on the patio and especially love that it is dog friendly and our pups have their own menu! Dog Beer?  Yes!! :)  \nIf you are ever in the Lakewood area, make sure to try this awesome new spot, you will not be disappointed!
By the stars you already know this won't be a glowing review. You've got to be BAD to deserve it, especially if you aren't a chain. This place does.\n\nSo the story goes... I was attending a seminar downtown and am TRYING to be healthy. I really do enjoy a good salad and was in the mood. I found this place nearby (Using Yelp of course) and was looking forward to it.\n\nI was STARVING when I got there, which would typically sway a review to the positive side, and got one large and one small salad. Hey... I said I was staring... \n\nFor the large I got a cobb because I like them about 100% of the time because of the meat, cheese, egg, etc.\n\nThis cobb was disgusting. Strong words but it was. Processed chunks of turkey with tasteless turkey bacon on top. No egg but did have avocado. Other than the lettuce and spinach it was the only thing edible. Even the blue cheese dressing which they buy, I'm sure of it, was really bad also. Nonetheless I cleaned my bowl like a good boy but I was really scratching my head because it is rare when Yelp leads me this far astray. \n\nThe second salad was going to be good for sure!\n\nSo... I dug into it. This one was the "Steak Escape". I was looking forward to it when I ordered it and really looking forward to it after the abomination I just choked down. WOW more like the steak escaped from the frozen food aisle at the Dollar store. It wasn't actually steak, but frozen thin slices of beef that they warmed up, and thoroughly dried out, on the flat top. Kind of like when you get cheesesteak but they didn't even bother to chop it up to make it look appetizing. Just put the flat rectangle on top of the salad along with three or so tomatoes. I don't remember seeing any peppers or onions. \n\nI couldn't believe it was possible but I think it was even worse than the first salad.\n\nSide note: If you want a FANTASTIC, knock your socks off, tell all your friends, beef salad try the Spicy Chicago Beef Salad at Half Moon by the Biltmore. Sooooo good and a good portion (I can only eat one of those)\n\nNow back to D'Lish. This place bills itself as a healthy, kind of hip, place but is churning out processed junk. It's been two weeks and I'm still shaking my head. Disgraceful salads. Really they were.\n\nOh... the guy at the counter was really strange too. Sweating for no apparent reason and looking shifty. Remember that guy at the pawn shop in the movie Men In Black?... I was waiting for Will Smith to bust in and blast off his head and another, even sweatier one to grow back.\n\nNo second chances for this place, especially since I tried two things my first visit.
I figured I would write an update on this review since the waiter reached out and attempted to rebut the points in my review. Unfortunately all it did was change their review from 2 stars to one. \n\nThe waiter's comments are below. \n\nWaiter response to my original review - - - "Hi, i waited to respond so i could look at your check for this day.\nFirst i apologize for your experience Lamb Seekh Kabob is served without skewers because they are metal ones and 5' long.\nWe have daily lunch specials which run from $8.95 to $11.95 , its complete lunch and comes with everything. Lunch specials combo of two dishes is only $2.95 additional. \nWe cannot compare Indian restaurant with Chinese restaurant.\nTips were voluntary.\nWe will surely look into our prices compared to other Indian restaurants.\nThanks"\n\nMy response to this is...\n\nI followed your lead when ordering our meal from beginning to end... I trusted you... if you had options that could have SIGNIFICANTLY reduced our bill, why was there absolutely no mention of this during my 90 minute lunch?!\n\nI originally thought the service and food was good, but meal was overpriced compared to what we received. Instead, apparently the service was not good. You seem to have let me pay $13+ for each meal plus an additional $3 for rice and $3 for nan when we could have gotten much more for a lesser price (and likely left very satisfied). We trusted you to guide us to good food, not just good food that would pad the bill at a la carte prices. In the future, you may want to guide your customers to your specials.
Best gyros (authentic, taste great, and affordable) on campus.\nThis place is a U of I must-eat!
We arrived without a reservation (foolish in hindsight) but they were able to accommodate us with minimal wait and it was totally worth it. I have been searching high and low for a decent Mole in Toronto and this place absolutely blew me away! \nCan't wait to return :)
Friendly staff, peaceful atmosphere, and delicious tea. I recommend the chai for two.
Very rude.  I ordered 2 children sandwich meals.  My children are diabetic. I did not want milk as a drink.  I wanted water.  So he charged me for 2 water cups.  He told me he was giving me a cup, buthe was charging me for tap water.  When i wanted the milk for another family member, he had a problem.  Tap water should be free.  Then he had a problem with my coupon for the free coupons for filling out a survey.  \nWhat i would like to have then option of water, tap or a bottle water. So if you want tap water, be willing to pay.  Or if willing to have a whiney child, they will substitute a cookie for a milk without a problem. Uneven treatment of guest.  Find another Subway, you do not not have to drive far.
Last night  I craved Indian food and logged on to Yelp for help. My very favorite place is 18 miles away and I wanted something nearby.  I found Tandoori Times and arrived there at 8PM.  I couldn't believe that at 8PM there were 10 people ahead of us waiting for a table. " A good sign "I thought or "poor management that can't handle a crowd?"  Someone who appeared to be the owner was busy working to see that everyone got a table quickly.  We got a table in 10 minutes in a small room they have in the rear of the restaurant.  Within 5 minutes we got a waitress and placed our order.  She brought us condiments (a red spicy sauce, coriander chili sauce and a spicy sauce made with marinated ginger bits.   No papadums.  Most restaurants give you papadums.  We missed them.  My order of Chicken Vindaloo was absolutely delightful spiced just as I requested HOT.  Our double order of bread came hot and delish(we don't eat rice).  My husband's Lamb Tikka was generous and nicely done.  During our meal, the belly dancer started her act.  This meant that the loud music would soon begin.  AND I MEAN LOUD.  I don't know if it was that we were in that small room, but my eardrums were about to burst.  There was no relief until we ended our meal.  The belly dancer could not be seen from our room so we stood up to peek at what was going on.  It was an attractive young lady, dressing in belly dancing garb dancing to Indian pop music.  Not really belly dancing.  (I've done belly dancing myself.)  Next, dessert.  I ordered the Kheer.  It was absolutely amazing.  It was creamy with sliced almonds and raisins.  Probably one of the best I've had anywhere.  \nI gave Tandoori Times 4 stars because the music was too loud and it kind of spoiled the experience for us.  Other than that the food is really authentic and delicious.  I hope that the management will consider toning down the music at least for the poor people in the back room.  I would never accept a seat in that room when I return.  AND, I will return.
I'm a born and raised Asian from Asia who's trying to integrate into Canadian culture. I only started eating Italian food when I moved to montreal. Gotta say this is my fav Italian resto. My boyfriend is half Italian and he totally agrees with me. Best risotto I've had in my life. We go there for his and my birthdays or any other special occasions because it's not a place we. An afford every weekend. Lol maybe that's for the better after all
Today I chose Panagio's for brunch. Based on another reader's recommendation, and my general like of tex-mex, I chose the Texmex Messy Burrito [TMB]. The burrito itself was palatable, mildly spicey, and very filling. The plentiful potatoes were mostly good and flavour-fair although some tasted a little undercooked on the inside. I would have liked a little more fruit, as my plate contained only a meager piece of melon and a garnish of orange. (See photo.) At $10 the price of the meal was right.\nFree wifi, as offered by the competition would have made my visit a little more interesting and comfortable, as the dining room was unimaginative.\nThe server agreed that the TMB was a good dish, but sadly the service afterwards was about as scarce as the fruit. On a positive note, the cooks seemed happy to be there.\nUnless there are improvements I think I would skip the dine-in experience, and MAYBE pickup for takeout.\nAt this location they need to turn up the sunshine quite a bit. Brunch places are supposed to be warm and comfortable.\nRight now they are barely pulling 3-stars.
I have been a customer for over decade (probably longer) the food is always great!\nThe staff is friendly, happy to help and always smiling.\nThe owner is engaging and truly happy to see you.\n\nThis week we had my daughters graduation party here with 15-20 people and the service was 5 stars as was the food. \n\nAbsolute staple of good food and service in Fort Mill!
Fun build your own taco joint! Tons of different options and combinations as well as good chips, salsa, queso and guacamole!
Ok food ... bad service\n\nThe burgers are ok if you order a medium. .. if you like rare or another way don't expect to receive it.\n\nService was very slow ... 2+ hours for dinner???? Also 1hr and 15min into waiting at our table we get told some of our order is not available.... go figure.
Pho was very tasty though skimped a bit on the beef. Tootsie roll right texture and taste. Finally a place in east Gilbert for pho!
I had mixed feelings about this new Italian spot. I came in wanting to like this place and the experience started out well. Pros are that there is plenty of parking, menu prices are reasonable, and I enjoyed my meal. Cons are that they are new so there are service kinks to work out and the sweets were not good.\n\nOn a Sunday evening my husband and I were looking for a casual Italian spot to grab dinner. Service started out great with a prompt seating even though they were busy. Our waitress greeted us quickly, drink orders were taken, and rolls were served. \n\nThe rolls to start were okay. I enjoyed them, but it wasn't like bread at other restaurants that draws me back in. I also had a glass of the house Muscato. Nice flavor, but it had a carbonated texture that turned me off a bit.\n\nChicken Marsala with a side of pasta was calling my name. It was a large serving that included two pieces of chicken. The portion was perfect since I wanted to save half for my lunch the next day. I really enjoyed the Chicken Marsala and would order this dish again. My side of Sautéed Spinach was loaded with garlic and delicious as well. My husband had Ravioli and said it compared to the canned version kids love. He said he would never return here based on his dish. \n\nThe waitress that had been friendly and attentive went MIA around the time the check should have arrived. By the time the check finally showed up I was armed with credit card to speed up the process, but she dropped and ran. Thus began the long wait for her to return to get the card and close us out. \n\nWhile that wait began I went to the dessert counter to get goodies to go. It took an unreasonable amount of time to even get the owner to acknowledge my presence. Since they were busy I started out patient, but it ended up being excessive. He finally acknowledged me, but then the phone rang and he asked if he could grab it. I run into the same situation at my job so I was understanding and said it was fine, but then he didn't come back to me after the call. He wandered away and the process began again. I should have taken this as a sign, but I waited and ordered four desserts. \n\nThe desserts looked great in the case, but three of the four ended up in the trash. I'm a huge sweets person, but these were just a waste of calories. Texture and taste were all wrong on three of the four. The fourth I ate just out of confusion that it could really be so flavorless. \n\nOverall, my meal was pretty good and the pricing was low compared to other Italian options in the area. I also like that the restaurant is casual making it a good option for families or nights where dressing up just isn't enticing. The bad service and bad sweets ruled this out for future dining out experiences, but I would consider them for take-out in the future.
These doughnuts are the most fresh, flavorful and delicious doughnuts around.  They have a wide variety of glazes and toppings (the cinnamon and sugar topping is the best!). All of their doughnuts are made to order and you actually get to watch them make them in front of you... A great place to take kids, or friends.  Also, such a fun place to go for dessert, breakfast, parties, or to fill any doughnut craving!  \n*Make sure you check out their hours before you go, they are sometimes closed by 3:00, but on Wednesdays close at 7:00pm
Just bought a groupon for this place because it's in my neighborhood. We went on a Tuesday night when we arrived the place was empty but by the end of our dinner it was almost full. The food was very good, service great until the restaurant filled up. Clearly they were not expecting the rush and unfortunately service almost became non existent, our table stacked with dishes and we had to flag our server for anything we needed including the bill.  Go when you have lots of time!
Now this is one fancy treat! I went to this mcdonalds late saturday night and almost blew out my britches from the terrible burger king the night before when I realized how good the golden arche's prices treat ya! With the cost of gas more than your neighbors flapjack its hard to imagine how they cram all that chicken in each nuggy and keep it only a dollar to add on to ANY combo meal. 5 stars!
Duck Donuts never disappoints!  First had Duck Donuts in Outer Banks and was THRILLED to  see we have one in Charlotte.  TOTALLY WORTH MOVING HERE!
Red (Aka Red Koi) has made a huge change and a huge mistake. I've been a loyal customer for several years now, coming in almost weekly. The new look.. Is okay. The new menu.. Horrible. No more miso soup, no more options for kids, no more plain edamame, no more Arizona roll, no more Godzilla roll.. Almost every single item that my daughter and I came here for is now gone. We are here at the moment waiting for our Pho.. If this has changed.. Sadly, we won't be coming back. If the previous owners are out there and have a new location.. Please tell me where!
Had an awesome time here. :) food was nomm, wings, nachos and not to mention the smores dessert! The staff here is always friendly, attentive and it is clear that they love their job. That speaks volumes about the management here - love coming here and will return soon!
I remember having so much fun when Gameworks was on The Strip back in the 90's but they closed their doors for reasons I can't remember. But they oepened at Town Square a few decades later...now, I feel ancient.\n\nThe initial scent of sweaty gym socks and piss as soon as you walk in only lasts about 5 minutes then, you get used to the smell. To the left, is an area where you can pick out your prize and to the right is a virtual gaming room for those who love PC games. Straight ahead are arcade games, circus games, simulators, Air Hockey, photo booth, etc. To the right and towards the back are private rooms for events and parties. At the very back is the bar/restaurant.\n\nI've been here for a work function and so, we were in a private room. I was pleasantly surprised by the food they served us: chicken marsala, salads, braised beef with veggies, and funnel cakes. They also had more items on the menu. I was expecting pizza, fries, nachos, hotdogs and other junk. We had 2-hour game cards - those don't work on games that could instantly win you a prize (like those machines with claws that grab a toy) and the photobooth. Your time starts dwindling down as soon as you use it.\n\nI felt the need to re-live my youth and play games that I loved as a kid: Street Fighter (hadouken! Tiger uppercut! Sonic boom! Face bite! Helicopter kick!), Air Hockey, DDR and of course, Super Shot - that basketball shooting game. I would spend hours playing Super Shot...that has not changed the few times I've been to Gameworks. I get so into it like you don't even know. Sweat, focus, hand-eye coordination and a little tippy toe so i could see where the ball is going. I got hit on the head with a loose basketball by the kid 2 spaces away from me and I'm still going. I'd wake up the next day with my shoulders and calves feeling sore - but oh my gosh, it's so fun! I got people watching me when I play - I'm either such a badass at playing or there isn't a free hoop to shoot.\n\nI tried all of the other games when I got tired. I got challenged to play Air Hockey by my sister and a few other people - I owned every single one of them.\n\nBut what I'd like to know is: what is that green phallic thing they have for prizes?
I was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews.  Arrived and was pleasantly surprised by the wonderful staff. When we got to our room there was a problem with the air conditioning. Within five minutes Scott from maintenance was in our room and notified the front desk that the unit was broken.  He spoke with Samantha who was kind enough to change our room and upgrade us to a suite! We dined in the Whitehorse Tavern where we encountered another outstanding employee.  Alicia was not only friendly she was knowledgeable when it came to the menu and made excellent recommendations. It's obvious that management took prior comments seriously and have turned things around. I would definitely stay here again when in the area.
Was told to come here to try the cheese curds only to be told they didn't have any.  Ordered a sandwich on focaccia bread but they didn't have focaccia.  Poblano sandwich was good.  Nothing amazing.  Service was a bit slow.
This place is a shell of its former self. Game works used to be a great place to go to for gaming.  I came here with my son because I remember as a teenager this place being the shit at its former location in Vegas but now that it's in this location it just isn't what it used to be. My son had fun regardless but I was just thrown off at how basic its become.
My friend and I recently visited Toronto during our one-week stay. During the 7 days, we ventured to Dim Sum King two times and I'd like to share my thoughts of the establishment. \n\nDim Sum King is an authentic restaurant that serves traditional Cantonese cuisine that vary from family-style to dim sum dishes. Good dim sum is rare from where we come from, so it was a goal for us to find dim sum while we're in Chinatown. Thus, we stumbled upon "Dim Sum King" after doing various searches on our slow, wireless phones. \n\n- Dim sum (5/5) - you order off a menu, so no cart service (we visited during non-morning times though). Each dish is roughly $2.75-3.00 CAD and is great in portions. Some go-to's are the char siu bao, shu mai, har gow, egg yolk custard, and cheong fun \n\n- Customer service (4/5) - the environment is fast paced and sometimes they can forget about you if there are lots of customers. This is typical of an Asian restaurant, so don't take it for offense. Just simply get their attention and move on. In our second visit, there were less people present so we had full attention and even got dessert on the house \n\nDim Sum King satisfies that crave for good Cantonese food at a fairly affordable price. You cannot go wrong with this place on your next visit to Chinatown!
I loved this place! The food was incredible, from the apps to the desert. They have an excellent selection of beers, a great atmosphere, and again the food is terrific.
Wegen des ungemütlichen Wetters wollten wir nach der Oper keine langen Wege mehr gehen, sondern entschieden uns dafür, trotz schlechter Erinnerung an einen Besuch vor - zugegebenermaßen - einigen Jahren wieder einmal einen Versuch mit dem "Plenum" im Stuttgarter Landtag zu wagen. Das Restaurant war fast leer, viele Tische waren aber eingedeckt, so dass man offensichtlich noch auf Kundschaft wartete, was denn auch zutraf. Das Ambiente ist unterkühlt, die lange Fensterfront bietet aber schöne Ausblicke auf den Schlossgarten mit dem Eckensee, das Schloss und das Opernhaus. Vor allem gut situiertes Publikum - jedenfalls an diesem Abend.\nWir wurden sehr freundlich empfangen, die Mänter wurden abgenommen, den Tisch konnten wir uns selbst aussuchen. Das Speisenangebot ist regional ausgerichtet und ausreichend abwechslungsreich, mit Vorspeisen, Fisch und Fleisch sowie Desserts. \nWir bestellten Tafelspitz, Zwiebelrostbraten und einen Salat mit gebratenen Jakobsmuscheln und als Nachtisch Schokoladenmousse bzw. Mandarinensorbet. Alle Gerichte waren gut abgeschmeckt, der Tafelspitz zart, der Rostbraten genau richtig in Farbe und Biss, dazu passende  Orangenschmorzwiebeln, nicht ganz optimale Spätzle und eine kleine Maultasche. Die Jakobsmuscheln schmeckten sehr frisch. Die Röstkartoffeln waren aus vorgekochten Kartoffeln, kleiner Abzug.\nDer Nachtisch war richtig lecker: Sowohl die Mousse mit karamelisierten Kakobohnensplittern auf einer Orangensauce mit marinierten Filets und Rotweinbirne als auch das Sorbet aus Mandarinen und Gewürzen sowie das Dessert von der Tageskarte rundeten das Essen sehr angenehm ab.\nDer angebotene spanische Weißwein fügte sich gut ein.\nWir waren wohl nicht das letzte Mal imPlenum. Jetzt verdrängt die Erinnerung an diesen Abend die Erinnerung an den früheren Besuch. Erfreulich!
Among the best Italian food not only in Vegas, but amongst the best I've eaten anywhere! Wish I could give 10 stars.
Wow!! Cake donuts made to order. Warm, moist, light & not sickening sweet. Perfect cakiness texture. They make donuts right in front of you. These are dazzling cake gems. Highly recommend!! Five star worthy if service was more welcoming & friendly.
I've been coming to Pho Linh for over 20 years now, and I can always rely on their great tasting pho among other favourites I have here. \n\nService is quick. Sometimes during peak hours, we order take out, which is made promptly. \n\nUnfortunately it is cash only.
Have heard tons about this place from friends and donut lovers, but had yet to visit. Last weekend when I was home my boyfriend and I met my family for a quick breakfast at Duck Donuts.\n\nWe walked over in Dilworth and were met with delicious aromas and friendly cashiers to help us through the decadent process.\n\nDonuts are homemade (you can watch) and there are many batter flavors as well as icing swirls dunks toppings etc. There are even seasonal options. Our donuts were warm and fresh. The thing I was most surprised about was the price. I expected it to be overpriced and a treat, but it was reasonable. Two donuts and two coffees for about $7 bucks. \n\nI would definitely recommend if you like rich and sweet breakfast! :)
I purchased the 2 Groupon deal and will be back. \n\nIt seemed a little strange that after I told the guy what I wanted, we went a cleared a table instead of taking my order... Maybe it's a cultural difference. Good thing the food made up for the awkwardness!\n\nToday I had the Greek Goddess Salad (gyro meat, feta, cherry tomatoes and olives) and a side of Garlic Fries. Had I not read the Yelp reviews, I wouldn't have known to order the fries since the sides were not displayed anywhere within the store- but man I am glad I did. They smelled terrific and were worth the calories! The salad was at the recommendation of the cashier and it didn't disappoint. The meat was tender and seasoned perfectly. The veggies were fresh and crisp. Overall, the salad was very filling by itself. \n\nThe salad, fries and a drink cost me exactly the value of the Groupon - $12. I feel obligated to point out that I didn't see anything in the store about a combo either... So maybe he just pulled this price out of nowhere when he saw my Groupon.\n\nIn conclusion - the food was delicious and I would have given 5 stars if the combo option and side prices were clearly displayed.
I stumbles into Truscott's a year ago while out shopping with relatives who had come to town. I have been back 5 times and it is REALLY good. Well worth the visit!
This is an amazing place to eat breakfast. As someone that goes every Friday I can say that this place has excellent food and excellent customer service.
Couldn't have been happier with the experience I had here. Sat at the bar where our server was incredibly personable and we'll-informed. The environment is pleasing, with the projection wall making for an impressive visual display. We ordered the truffle edamame, sweet potato fries, and crispy gyoza as appetizers. The edamame was more than perfect, and the Sriracha sauce that came with the fries completed the perfect pair. Following the appetizers, we ordered the tofu/veggie ramen (I forget the name) and the Tom Yam ramen. Typically I am left unsatisfied with the quantity of noodles in one bowl, but this bowl came with more than enough noodles, perfectly cooked egg and pork belly, and veggies. Will definitely be returning.
Yuzu is sort of an Asian-themed dive bar. The cocktails and shot combos are pretty out there in terms of ingredients and flavor combinations (cinnamon and tomato water!?) but somehow they work. Not what I'd normally be looking for but interesting / fun to try. Order an amaretto sour made with their house "triple citrus yuzu juice" instead of sour mix, it's pretty delish (they should definitely add that to the menu). If all of this sounds good to you and you're not really interested in ordering food, stop reading now and go have a solid evening of drinks at a quirky, fun twist on a local dive.\n\nThe food at Yuzu is just terrible. Rice bowls, skewers, and appetizers are all on the small size for the price - $6 for fries, $3 for a skewer with three tiny chunks of chicken on it, etc. The bigger problem is that the food just doesn't taste good. The rice has been gummy - almost to a paste-like consistency - on all three occasions we've tried it. The "cheater" bulgogi bowl seemed to just be ground beef cooked with soy sauce, and the chicken teriyaki (the "food court favorite") was a meager handful of chicken pieces tossed in a sauce that can only have been made by boiling pure soy sauce down until it's thick enough to coat the chicken as a glaze - it was WAY too salty to eat. It would be way better (i.e. edible) if they just used an industrial-sized jug of foodservice teriyaki sauce. The mall food court is much better sadly, and you get much more for your money.\n\nI really wish the food was even remotely decent, because their concept is fun and unique, and I think I could otherwise have make it a regular late-night haunt.
We went to Tandoori Times last night as it was the only place we fancied that was open!\n\nOnly 2 other tables were taken and our service was great. Really friendly server. \n\nFood was pretty good. I had the Mattar Paneer and hubby had the Chicken Vindaloo 'Chef Hot'. Also tried the chili naan. All very good. Not the best we've ever had, but very good. \n\nPlace could do with a good clean. The area under our table hadn't seen a broom or mop in a while. \n\nBut all in all, we liked it and would go back.
My first time here and I'm a little disappointed. I ordered the Chicken curry and the lady persisted to tell me that it was light meat when it's obviously not, then when I told her I didn't want it and wanted to reorder she said no? \n\nMy Mom ordered the chicken pho ga and the white eat was white and tender. The chicken in the curry was fatty and veiny and dark meat. Had to wonder if it was chicken livers. Gross
Maybe I'm just caught up in the moment, but on my neverending quest to find the best sub, I think I finally found it.  I can't believe it took me so long to try this place out, but I'm so glad I did.  I ordered the hot pastrami combo.  At first I thought it was a little pricey ($8.00) but that was before I took my first bite.  It only took one bite and I knew I was onto something special.  It all starts with the bread.  It was fresh, warm and very tasty.  The melted cheese, sauce, lettuce, onion and pastrami were incredible when all rolled into one bite.  Not much else to say except try it for yourself.
We have been coming here for awhile now and still love the food at Red Japanese Restaurant.  My husband orders the Saki garlic clams!  I love the Odon  soup and red jspanese roll! !!   Yummy!  Food is great and so is the service!
Great little find!     I'm new to the area and relied on Yelp to find me a spot for some good sushi.    Glad I trusted the reviews!    I'll be back for sure.   I had the Koi roll #22.      Excellent!!
New name and menu and improved food.  Checked our the restaurant at the Springs Preserve for the first time since the latest update.  I've eaten at the cafe 5-7 times over the years including when it was Wolfgang Puck and after as well.  I think this update is an improvement in both price and taste. We had 3 entrees and 3 kids meals for $44. My kids are 3,5,6 and the kids meals were a good amount of food for them asks included fresh fruit / veggies. The kids mac n cheese is yummy and the snack tray was perfect for my 3year old. The lobster sandwich special was awesome with the tomato bisque soup especially for $10. The service was more attentive than in the past although I've never had an issue on previous visits they just seemed a little more helpful this time. In the past the foods quality was hit or miss and a little overpriced. As a member that meant we normally skipped the café.  With this update we will definitely stop more often on our visits.
We are regulars here. We love the food and the service. I'm shocked at the service critiques. We've been here a lot, and only once did we have mediocre service. Otherwise it's been terrific. I love the Buffalo Chicken sandwich, but really everything here is  excellent. I like the onion soup or the wedge salad for a starter. The burgers are tasty and too much to eat even for a big guy. The beer and wine selections have what I like. The atmosphere is just right. Not only that, but they will bring up Italian from their deli if you ask. What's not to like about Charr?
This place is in a food court so I wasn't expecting greatness. The service is brief but somehow managed to be dismal. I realize people don't want to be working in a food court but at least speak clearly instead of mumbling so we don't have to keep asking you to repeat things.\n\nAs for the food, the rice was on the dry side. Thankfully you get plenty of sauce with the butter chicken to make it palatable. It's mildly spicy and sweet, and the chicken is a bit overdone since it stays in the pot until it's all sold. The chickpeas were good and nothing stood out about them, for better or worse.\n\nIt was an okay meal. There are plenty of choices around there and I suggest you explore those.
Thanks for the $20 off coupon from Fraticelli's via Email, I got to come back and give them another try.\n\nI love the idea of having a feature menu as the regular menu had not been changed for years and I always like the try new things!\n\nLamb Shank ($31) was so tender and tasty. I love the Parsley-Mint gremolata garnish and being braised in Chianti gave it a more complex flavour.\n\nFettuccini Gamberetti ($20) was just so pretty in Green with the help of pesto sauce and baby arugula. Love the plating!\n\nThere was no hostess at the front when I walked in and waiting in the front for over 5 minute until one of the wait staff noticed me. I could tell the restaurant was really understaffed. But good to see that the place was busy.
Don't come here if you're hungry.  Arrived at 10am on a Saturday and the only carts being pushed around were deep fried food.  Sat for half an hour, and only managed to order one thing.\n\nThe ladies who push the carts will go straight to the regulars and blow right by you as you try to wave them down.  I've been to many traditional dim sum places where they push carts and this stands out as the worst.
We like to take our kids here when we shop in Gastonia. Great shakes and they have a shake happy hour where they are 1/2 price. The kids love the hats they give out plus these little cars you can put together (although I seem to always be the one putting them together!). Service can be spotty. We love the Jalapeno crunch burger - spicy and yummy! They used to put Fritos on them but now do french's onions = still good. Their fries are what we really crave - nice shoe string potatoes. Yes, the patties are thin and wide - that's the burger style here and has always been. If you're lookin for big and juicy go to a place like Chili's. However the prices here are cheap, the food is good and half the time we eat there it seems like our kids get to eat for free.
Order the Ancho Braised Shortrib-Brisket Crispy Tacos!!! Amazingly delicious. Slap- your- mama -in- the- face good! The Ceviche is a great app, their guac is really authentic and good too. My only complaint is if you sit indoors its pretty cramped. I was elbowed in the head at least 2 times, but on the plus side the waiter was good looking. Fish tacos are a little bland. \nDecent prices too.
I was excited to try Tandoori Times as good Indian good food can be hard to come by here in Arizona.  I was even more encouraged when I walked in and found an almost exclusively Indian (appearing) clientele.  To begin, the service was a little off.  There was maybe 10 people in the restaurant yet we waited a full five minutes or so for a greeting.  When he did come by, he asked if we were ready to order and I looked at him and said, "You know, we might need to look at the menus first."  Perhaps he's used to "regulars."  Anyway, we began with the Onion Bhaji, essentially an Indian version of onion rings, and Raita, a cucumber, potato, mint and yogurt sauce.  The Onion Bhaji looked good in all its fried glory, but was so heavily battered my wife and I both felt ill after trying a few pieces.  You could not taste the onion at all.  Major disaster.  The waiter began to redeem himself by noticing that we had hardly touched it and offered to take it off the menu.  The Raita was fresh and flavorful but didn't exactly fit with anything we ordered and a recommendation of what to eat it with would have been helpful.  We also ordered the Naan and simply put it was killer---hot, light, wonderful.  First score at Tandoori TImes.  My wife ordered the Chicken Makhani and one sampling of the sauce had us both oohing and ahhing at its rich, buttery flavor.  Nothing to say here again but killer.  I ordered the Lamb Korma, and though I found the dish to be decent, it was just very plain when compared to other Indian dishes I have had that just burst with varied bold flavors.  I also asked that it come spicy (6 out of 10) but instead it came with NO spice at all, while my wife's dish came pretty hot and was supposed to be mild.  I wouldn't order again but it may be right up someone else's alley.  FInally, we ordered a plate of rice to accompany our meals.  The rice looked and tasted like it had been sitting around since yesterday (and maybe it was!).  My wife grew up on rice and loves it more than she loves me, so when she frowns at the sight and scowls at the taste of the rice, it is bad rice.  I could justify giving Tandoori Times less than three stars but something tells me another visit may render us happier customers.  I'll try it again, but only one more time before I chalk it up to "just another Indian place" where the food and service simply fall short.
**1/2 stars\n\nI had purchased a Groupon for a 4-person prix fixe menu for $120.  The menu was as follows:\n2 x Onion Soup and Crispy Parmesan Gratin\n2 x Grilled Shrimp and Calamari in a Provencal sauce\n2 x Atlantic Salmon on Linguine\n2 x Duck Confit with Wild-Mushroom Risotto\nDessert platter for the table\nCoffee/Tea\n\nThere were a total of 6 of us, and the other 2 ordered off their weekly Prix Fixe menu for $25 which includes an appetizer and entrée.  All items marked with an asterix on the menu were available options.\n\nFrom the dinner prix fixe menu, we opted for the onion soup, and the organic greens.  For mains, the Beef Bourgignon and 8 oz. New York Striploin were selected.\n\nWe also ordered 2 glasses of wine, a Merlot and a Cabernet Sauvignon.  I am not a fan of red wines to begin with, but I found the Cabernet to be too sour for my taste buds.  The Merlot was much more subtle.\n\nUpon ordering, we were brought 2 warm bread baskets.  Those of you who know me know how excited I get when I am served warm bread, or how bratty I get when I am served cold bread :p  It was a poppy seed bread served with balsamic vinaigrette and olive oil.  From what I gather, it is a store-bought bread and not bought daily as the bread, though I won't say stale was not the freshest. The French Onion Soup was disappointing to say the least.  The lack of deep onion flavour and gooey cheese coupled with a little too much wine in the broth made for a rather sour taste.  More cheese and more onions = more flavour.  The math is quite easy folks!  The only part of this dish that was tasty was the crostini. The Grilled Shrimp and Calamari in a Provencal sauce was served almost cold which was indicative that it had been waiting for awhile since the chef prepared it to reach our table.  The calamari was nicely grilled, soft and tender but unfortunately the shrimp were overcooked.  The salad came adorned with olives and a balsamic drizzle.  Overall, this dish was all one flavour - tart, mostly stemming from vinaigrette and tomatoes.  It would've been nice for some contrast.The Salmon Linguine was made with a simple sauce which really brought out the flavour of the fish.  The salmon for me was the best part as the skin was crispy and the fish was flaky.  The linguine was rather bland, with a lemon-oil drizzle.  So you can imagine how excited I was when the server brought over the Parmesan cheese for sprinkling!The Duck Confit came with your choice of sauce: veal jus, orange jus, or blueberry jus. We opted for the veal and orange jus.  The duck had a nice crisp skin, but it was more of a crust than anything else.  It resembled the texture of a chicken wing that's been sitting on the grill a little too long.  The risotto was barely warm and a bit dry.  The side vegetables were tender and savoury.\n\nI also got to sample both the sirloin and the beef bourgignon.  The steak was quite flavourful and had a nice charred flavour to it.  Taste was all there, but texturally, it was a tad on the dry side.  The frites were amazing!  I love crispy fries.  Ketchup wasn't even on my mind when I was chowing these down.  That must be a sure sign that they were tasty?  I found the red wine in the beef bourgignon to be overpowering, but my mom thought it was fine.  My only "beef" about this dish is that I wish the meat were more tender.The Groupon specified that a dessert tray would be served. The serving size was more suitable for a party of 2 than it was for a party of 4.  It consisted of a Crème Brûlée, Blueberry Strudel and Raspberry Sorbet with blueberries, gooseberries and raspberries for garnish.  I was unimpressed with their  crème brûlée which was grainy and not velvety smooth.  The raspberry sorbet was quite refreshing.  The strudel was more what I would call a dessert spring roll and had a crisp exterior and yummy filling!  The house coffee was also quite good.  My parents, who you have never applauded any restaurant for good coffee finally cracked and awarded their first ever java compliment.\n\nVerdict:\n\nI haven't experienced service like this in a very long time.  The servers were very attentive, courteous and sported a smile.  Food-wise I was a little disappointed but it wasn't terrible.  It someone were to ask for recommendations, Alizé wouldn't be on the top of the list but if I were in the area I may eat here again... Perhaps ordering off their regular menu would serve as a better basis of comparison.  Until then, I reserve judgment.
Well I finally got around to doing a writeup on charr. The reviews here seem mixed so I had to check it out for myself. The first thing I noticed was the setup -- the multi-color backlit bar and the nice flat-screen LED tvs. I'm a big football fan so I will be sure to come by to eat and never miss a game! \n\nI came for dinner and was seated very quickly by the hostess. Menu had a wide selection of appetizers, salads, soups and drinks. Went for the charrburger with some custom toppings to my liking, beer on tap, and crab cakes to start. Some other reviews mentioned about price but having sampled other places in phoenix like Delux  I found the prices to be quite on par. More on what I think of the value later.\n\nI got my crab cakes to start and they were excellent! Very moist, tasty and hit the spot. Next was my burger and it was quite a burger. The garlic knot bun turns out to be the differentiator between the other joints I ate at so I give charr the nod on the taste of the burgers. I thought the food was excellent and certainly of the best I have had.\n\nWhether it is charr or the other burger places I sampled that serve high quality gourmet burgers, I think the price is very reasonable. This is not processed meat and the quality of the food, the ambiance where I can kick back and watch the games on the flat screen tvs and hang with my buddies makes it well worth the price. I dont plan on coming every night but at the end of a hard week of work it's nice to have a place to hang with both my buddies and colleagues for some drinks and/or food. If I want a cheap burger I can always get a big mac at the other end of the mall but I always regret it later when I choose fast food over quality.\n\nOverall, I enjoyed my meal and the atmosphere and the service. I liked the other burger joints I have been trying as well but give the nudge to charr. I'd say try it out for yourself. Tip: waited at the bar for buddies to arrive afterwards for drinks and surprisingly found some cool outlets right under the bartop I could charge my pda while waiting. Very hard to find outlets to charge my phone while I am out so this was a nice bonus! They are kind of hidden under the counter so not sure this is well known!
Traditional yet not pretentious. The chef/owner from Spagetty Western newest Italian creation does not disappoint. Order the Arancini. Delightful people and food. My heart (and stomach) are full today.
This place has been amazing.  After a terrible attempt to save some money on a cheap Motel - remember you get what you pay for, but refunds are sometimes required, the hotel staff got us into a room quickly and efficiently.  They were l amazing from the first phone call to walking through the door to trying to upgrade us to a suite because my roommate needed a safe in the room.  Although pricier than I would have liked to pay - it came with deals and amenities that I would expect and then some.  Well worth the extra money for the comfort and safety.  The staff is on top of their game and always smiling.  The pool/ jacuzzi area are wonderful - AND CLEAN!  The gym was also very nice - although you probably won't find me hanging out in there.  Beds-super comfy.  Rooms very clean.        I would most definitely recommend staying here.
It's pretty good. Nothing too special; I normally get the grilled chicken sandwich, which has been dry a few too many times for my taste. It's also a bit expensive compared to some of the other Campustown locations, but a nice change of pace every once in a while. I'm never unhappy at Zorba's. \n\nI will say that I wish the place hadn't caught fire- the memorabilia collection they have is nice, and I would have loved to see the old one.
Consistenly great food.
The short rib tacos are the bomb diggity! Never knew you could put rib meat into tacos, but I'm glad they invented it. Perfectly sweet with a nice tangy finish. Rich and diverse. Excellent mouthfeel too - that short rib was tender and moist.\n\nThe fish tacos sucked though. It's a catch of the day dish, and today's was baja. We got grilled (as opposed to battered) at the recommendation of our server. It looked kinda bland, tasted bland (reminiscent of overlooked and browned scrambled eggs) and was soggy to the point where the soft tortilla fell apart in my hands and I had to eat the taco ashamedly with a fork and knife. Save your fish taco cravings for seven lives in Kensington.\n\nThe guac and chips appetizer was real nice. The guac comes in a nice stone mortar (great looking touch), and comes in three spicy levels: mild medium spicy. The spicy level has the perfect kick to it - spicy, but not overbearing. The chips are homemade and fried - hint of egg, and real tasty, although some -very few- were a bit too oily).\n\nA friend's recommended the Mexican iced tea. Apparently delicious and strong. Gonna have to get next time.
Glad to have found this place! I do, however, think they need to clean it up a bit and update it as well...especially the outside. We witnessed dirty tables, the staff smoking and the fans above are disgusting... It just needs some TLC
I've love love loved laconi's all my life... i've had big parties there, and many many 'lunch for 2' visits. ... i love just about everything on their menu... Mmmmmmm...
Must check bag to make sure your order is correct. Tacos are wrapped sloppily when order is large. Beverage machine needs to be checked and cleaned.
I think we like coming here better than the park!  Awesome food and reasonable prices.  Great view of the strip too.  Burgers, pizza, salads - they are all wonderful.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  After a hot day at the park, the soda fountain is to die for.\n\nYou dont even need to get into the park to eat there!  ;)
Locally owned small chain with good tasting fried chicken. Tastes less processed than KFC. Wide variety of sides and frequent specials. Service is good.
I can't decide it it's a good or a bad thing that I can walk to this place from my house.  Seriously the best donuts I've ever had.  They're a cake style donut, but much lighter than D&D or similar places.  I have a number of favorites, but my go-to is the cinnamon-sugar with vanilla frosting.  AMAZING! I also love the chocolate mint and the peanut butter.  The maple, strawberry/orange/lemon versions are all fairly subtle, so you won't be be hit over the head with over-the-top sugary flavoring.  Staff always seems to be nice and attentive, too.  I seriously can't recommend this place enough!
I'm a social worker who visits homes in central Phoenix and this is my go to McDonald's when I need a cheap coffee or if I need to use the bathroom. This is the cleanest/safest McDonald's in the area and I never hesitate to stay here to do work if I'm feeling too cheap to hit up Starbucks. I've encountered the occasional weirdo, but I don't feel too bad when a non-weirdo is sitting on the other side of me. There are also TVs that usually play CNN or FOX (not sure). It's nice to hear the news while I'm sitting inside doing case notes! Highly recommend this location!
I rarely care to review Chinese buffet, but this one is amazing. Love the variety of food, great service, and how fresh and delicious everything is!
A slightly more upscale Vietnamese Restaurant located at Jane and Wilson.\n\nSLIGHTLY UPSCALE\nThe patrons coming in wore $400 pair of jeans, business men in tidy suits, utensils giving to you in boiling hot water (we asian people like to know things are clean), walls were nicely decorated, and it was clean.\n\nFOOD \nThe food was nothing special. Same typical vietnamese food.  \nI had #19 (seafood and assorted meat egg noodle) on the menu (see picture) since this place is famous for it.  The meat was actually very tasty. I believe it was ox liver? Usually though, i'm not a fan of liver.  The serving was large and I took about 1/2 home. (But then again, I only eat a small for pho)\n\nMy friend had #20, seafood egg noodle soup. He really liked it.   They gave us the traditional garnishes such as red hot chili peppers.\n\nCOSTS\nThis place is a tad more expensive than the traditional Pho restaurants.  My meal and my friend's meal each cost $7.25.  I was a bit stunned about the price of the avocado shakes. They were $4 each and they came in such a small cup (took a peek at the neighbours table, so not sure what they tasted like).\n\nSERVER\nThe food took longer to get to us than at other pho places I've been to. It could perhaps be the they had to fry my little shrimp.  But the server had our menu, tea, and utensils as soon as we sat down.  She took our order quickly too.\n\nThe place is pretty good.  But I'm still not sure if the premium prices were completely justified at this Pho restaurant.  But then again, the prices are a lot less than if you were to go to most other type of restaurants so try this one out!
Never disappoints. Must try avocado shake. My parents took me when I was younger and I would always enjoy it. Now whenever I crave some good Vietnamese food, I come to here. Memories. Good ones.
Great view, great food, great prices and close to downtown where I live. Will come back and recommend it to friends.
Very cozy and eclectic place. Great customer service. The place is owned by a Scot man who wears his kilt proudly. When I came in the place on a Tuesday night, it was full. Understandable as it's a unique tea house. I can see why people come there just to read and hang. I'll probably not be returning though as the quality and tea making technique was not very high. Whether one chooses a Chinese, Indian or Russian tea etc, it's all brewed in a largish pot and served in a bowl cup. Blasphemy! I therefore await camellia sinensis to branch out from Montreal and show Toronto how to best showcase various teas. Till then I guess I won't be drinking tea out in Toronto
Love'em! Easy, fun, delicious. The staff is wonderful. This location stays true to their other home base locations in Duck, NC (Outer Banks). If you like a cake style doughnut then you will LOVE THESE GUYS. You can get creative with their toppings which are as traditional as chocolate icing and sprinkles to as trendy as maple icing and bacon bits! (Seriously though, the latter taste just like pancakes and bacon breakfast). Add to all this that the doughnuts are always fresh and warm...yep this one is a winner! If it weren't for childhood devotion to the Krispy Kreme style doughnut I'd give 5 stars.
Not bad, but kind of mediocre. They're good about changing gloves and such if you tell them that you have an allergy (I can't do coconut), but I feel like the doughnuts would benefit from maybe having 3-4 different base flavors, instead of putting them all on the same flavor base. The maple bacon sounded a lot tastier than it was.
Heavy sauces, bland dishes and so-so service.  I really wouldn't call Olive Garden an Italian Restaurant, its a chain that serves Americanized  dishes loosely based on recipes that might have an Italian ingredient or two in them.\n\nThe soup was cold, our food was served lukewarm and the service was slow.\n\nI suppose if you only ordered the salad and bread-sticks it might be worth going to.  It's sad because the menu items sound good but they are just so poorly executed it's just not worth wasting your time here.
Hello, I've been an old customer since they were located on Indian school. I've been going to tandooori times for past 6 to 7 years but never experienced such a bad customer service from restaurant owner. We were waiting by the bar and the table opened up so we move forward to be seated and another customer grabbed the table without asking anyone else. The ppl worked  there couldn't speak up so we ended up getting a table in the corner. At this point we were waiting there for 45 mins. On top of that another server grabs our food and serves another table. Waiter came and apologized and brought our food out 15 mins later. I ordered vegetarian dish and she comes out with non-veg dish. At this point I'm furious and asked for the food to be waived. Our server calls the owner and he said, "I don't serve free food to my own parents". Denied to give us free food after the whole hoopla and time that was wasted. Me and my husband used to be huge fan and even though my food was served with hair in it once and i let that go BUT this made it all WORST! The owner doesn't know how to treat customer. Do not waste your time and money!!!
Wonderful, relaxing atmosphere. The owners and servers are welcoming and very helpful if you're not sure what kind of tea you want.\n\nLIFE DRAWING sessions in the back room on Sundays!!!!!
Do not order here.  Twice in 4 months I ordered a pizza online.  The delivery time came and went.  I called, and both times they said they had no record of the order.  Annoyed, I prepared another meal.  Then the delivery guy shows up with a cold pizza.  I called the manager the first time it happened, and he was very professional and tried to make it right.  The guy who answered the phone this time told me that he tells people not to order online OR TO ORDER BY PHONE!?!   How can you possibly run a business this way?  I'm disappointed, because my kids and I really like pizza hut.  It's just a crap shoot as to what you are going to get here.  My guess is if you order when the manager is there, things will be fine.  If not, have a backup plan.
Overall experience was really good! Ordered the enchiladas suizas filled with pork and it was delicious...I cleaned the plate inc. all rice and beans.  For 15$ you can't go wrong.  Also shared the beef shortrib tacos and that's where I had to give it a 4/5.  The meat hands down delicious,  the hard taco shell on the other hand was greasy and tasted like old oil.  Too bad I was looking forward to it.  All desserts were good too...sample a bit of each!
Kind of a hit or miss place.  I am tired of these 3 in 1 Asian places.  Thai, Japanese, and Chinese...these kind of places aren't authentic and are not great at any of these. I rather have just a straight Thai place or something.\n\nAlright, off my rant.  This place is nearby, so I have tried a lot of dishes and found what is actually good.\n\nTheir potstickers, pork lo mein (chicken one is bland for some reason), sweet and sour chicken, and egg rolls are good (the easy stuff).  The bourbon chicken was terrible and watery.  The pad thai is no where close to authentic. Singapore noodles are not authentic either, but still tastes really good. Large portions of every entree helps them with the star rating.\n\nOverall, average.  Wish we had more choices in Fort Mill area and more authentic places.  Oh well!
An interesting Dim Sum place. I'll admit my knowledge of the cuisine is limited (shamefully I've only been to Dim Sum places a handful of times) but I found most things here very good. Some of the seafood dumplings were quite good. My gf really loved the curried cuttlefish complete with little tentacles. I wasn't a huge fan of the texture of those...\n\nService was very brisk and there seemed to be a good selection when we went. Only downside was the price (according to the gf) is a little high compared to some of the other options in Chinatown.
This place... kinda sucks.\n\nI was craving fries one day, so before taking my lunch break I decided to look up some restaurants in the area that served fries. I settled on this place because they had neat ketchup packets (yes, something as silly as that can convince me to try a place out).\n\nThe price of the fries wasn't outrageous. It's also close to where I work, and I walk by it sometimes on my way to other places in the area. So I decided to give it a try.\n\nThe fries were terrible. Potato cut, but all very short in length. All very greasy. I'm glad I grabbed a couple of napkins because I ended up trying to soak as much grease as I could from each individual fry before consuming them. It did not taste good at all.\n\nI can't comment on the burgers, but if they're anything like the fries, I would steer clear of those too.
The vibe of the place was super chill. I went there tonight to have tea with a couple of friends. There was a good band playing and that was really nice. The tea was great. Especially now that it's getting hotter I highly recommend the iced tea. My friends and I had to keep getting it coming, I'm still craving more as I write this. \nThe place was clean and the service was very fast despite the waiter attending so many tables and the room being so hectic. Will be coming back.
So tasty! This was my first time here. My regular Pho joint is closed on Tuesdays so my friend & I decided to give this a try. I thought it was delicious, she was not as impressed. The broth was very flavorful on its own, which I loved! The noodles were classic & there was a lot of them! We also got an order of the Vietnamese Egg Rolls which were good. The restaurant is small but very clean & more modern looking than a lot of local noodle places. I would definitely come back! In fact, I'm thinking it would make for a great weeknight dinner to go!
Great restaurant, always come here for special occasions.  Staff is very pleasant and warm, very cosy feeling to the place and the food is absolutely phenomenal
I think this is the best sushi restaurant in Liberty Village, was my go-to when I was living there.   Not super expensive, nice portions and fast service.  Great for take out as well
The springs cafe has changed. New name and new menu. A meal per person on average will cost $10. I ordered a hamburger and it fell apart. I ordered the kids mac and cheese for my 8 year old and the Mac and cheese on the plate was about 2 tablespoons worth of Mac and cheese. This place is not the same. The exquisite food by the culinary school is gone. Unlikely I will be returning. This is a big disappointment since I have a pass and come here often with my family. I will be eating outside of springs preserve now.
Omg!!! Seriously fulfilled my doughnut pregnancy craving!! I'm so picky when it comes to doughnuts, the doughnut has to be light and fluffy and a bit crunchy!!! Oh and definitely hot and ready! And this did just that! My mom ordered a dozen for the whole family since it was our first time! Our favorites were strawberry shortcake, maple bacon, strawberry lemonade and vanilla coconut!! I love this place and will be back to try more flavors!! Great price for doughnuts!
The donuts here taste delicious!! So fresh,I like the different varieties they have that you can choose from! You can make your own donut..
The food is great but the service leaves something to be desired. \n\nNone of the beer and wine on the menu were available and when asked why the server said "sorry, we are kind of just a tequila place." So why offer beer and wine at all? \n\nWhile the tacos were lovely - we sampled all (chicken, chorizo, short rib, fish) the service was some of the most obnoxious we've encountered in Toronto. \n\nWill not return and unless you don't mind paying for bad service I would not recommend.
We stopped in here for a quick bite during a day of shopping at STC. Not wanting too heavy a lunch, we opted to share a 'Persian Kebab' between us. According to the picture, it appeared to be Vaziri... one koobideh and one chicken breast. With rice and a side of chickpea salad, it was plenty enough food for the two of us.\n\nI have to admit, I was a tad disappointed with the kebabs. The chicken had a texture that left me wondering if it was ground chicken formed into a kebab and the koobideh... seriously,  even I can make better koobideh than that and I'm as Canadian as they come!\n\nThe rice and chickpea salad were the saving graces of this dish as both were quite flavourful.\n\nWould I eat here again? Possibly. I can't honestly expect true Persian cuisine from a food court and it was a little pricey for what we got but they seemed to have a good selection so I'd definitely try other dishes.\n\n2 stars for the kebabs but a 3 star for finding 'Persian' cuisine in a food court.
Wow!!..on a layover in uptown Charlotte and yelped "Best donuts" ...walked 1.5 miles to get to Ducky Donuts and it was SO worth it!! What I loved the most is how they make it just the way you want it!! I had peanut butter glaze with real bacon and drizzled fudge, and a chocolate glaze with coconut...yes, I ate them both and they were divine!! Super nice people and service too!!
I love this place. They are consistent, delicious and amazing overall. \n\nService is ok during busy times. Large space with a small army of girls serving dim sum off the cart. \n\nFood is awesome. Ordered many dishes and they were all delivered to an acceptable standard. \n\nThis place is expensive and can add up real quick if you're not careful. \n\nAverage about $4-5 a dish and depending on how hungry you are 6-8 dishes will do the trick. \n\nThe food though is great quality and so it's definitely worth it!
Adoro el lugar!\n\nThe first time I tried to go to this place, was one Friday night. i didn't have reservation and the waiting time was two hours...\n\nThis time, we made reservation a couple of hours before, and went there on a Thursday. What we didn't know, is that they have two locations really close of each other. So, we ended up walking back to Playa Cabana.\n\nI liked the decoration and the patio. They have a trendy, modern, mexican-cantina vibe. Which was reflected in that delicious "paloma" I drank. It hasn't been common for me to find this drink abroad. Never thought I would find it in the perfect proportion of authentic ingredients. This paloma, was the best cocktail appetizer I had this year.\n\nWe ordered:\n\nGUACA FRESCA\nHOMEMADE CHIPS AND FRESH SALSA\nTACOS DE PULPO\nTACOS DE POLLO AL CARBON\nTACOS AL PASTOR\nTACOS DE LANGOSTA\nPalomas, tequila, and beer!!!\n\nIt was really cool that they serve the salsa and the guacamole on the "molcajetes". The guacamole had too much lime for my taste, but the salsa was perfect.\n\nMy favorite item was: tacos de pulpo. A shame they treat them like appetizers, because they would be awesome like main course. The flavor hypnotized me, but they were only two, too small and with just one tortilla. I wanted to order more, but I was afraid it was going to be too much.\n\nThe tacos de langosta where the ones I didn't like much. Too greasy, messy and blah. The hardshell tastes like a bunuelo (fried bread), not like tortilla. You can't hold them, cut them or bite them in peace. They had enough lobster, but they lacked flavor.\n\nThe quality and flavor of my other options was great. I recommend them.
Cashier was disgusting and unsanitary. Picking at her nail's.  Leaning against the cash register like she was to stoned to keep her head up and press a button. Will never come here again with workers like that. And they want 15 an hour. What a joke
So happy with this new pho spot! The pho broth is delicious and very clean (no fat). I can also recommend their egg rolls. The staff is very kind and the restaurant itself is very clean/tidy. The decor is also cute! The only thing I would say they could improve upon is having some music playing to give the place a little more vocal warmth, as it is very quiet. \nDefinitely give this place a chance :)
This was my first time ever at a Firehouse subs. I ordered 2 subs to go and the total was $20. I was not expecting to pay $6 for double turkey and $10 for a footlong! After 20 mins my subs were ready and I left the restaurant.  I went home and opened the subs. They were hot and mushy and gross. I was unaware that the subs would be hot and was very angry that the girl did not mention this to me when I ordered. I called to see if we could bring the subs back and get cold ones. The manager said no. He said all subs are hot unless you tell us otherwise. They were not friendly. Most places would redo your order and give you a fresh sandwich, but they did not. I will never go here again and I can't believe that the poor customer service.
We just moved to Anthem and Affinito's was our first stop. The food was very good and the service was excellent. \n\nWe went back a second time for the pizza. It was good but we are New Yorkers and once you get outside the city it is hard to find any pizza that compares. We will go back as it is the best AZ pizza we have  had so far.
Being a gamer I had to check out this place. I've never been to the original GameWorks, but this place wasn't as bad as I had expected. My gf and I stopped by here to check out some of the old arcade and VR games. The prices are bit high for the games and drinks are pricey as well. Overall its a place to check out once.
It was an accidental find on the google search and I was at lunch buffet this morning (Saturday) and it was awesome! Not sure how they can provide that many items for only $11.99 and make any money.\n\nI liked every item tasted except Sushi, but no complaints as it was a buffet quality!! Next time, I will take my office friends next time, hope they like it as well.\n\nFor such an amazing buffet, i would suggest them to raise the price to $13.99.  Thanks!
Decent food with good variety. Food portions were good.\nHK milk tea tastes better than ice tea.
I was staying at the Holiday Inn next door, and dinner time rolled around, so I strolled over here and had a delightful dinner buffet.  I was very pleasantly surprised by their Crab and Cheese casserole type thing which was quite good.  \n\nOverall, they had a sizable collection of food for a reasonable price, and I certainly left quite full.
First visit today and I was very pleased! First impression, the decor was warm and inviting, and the aromas in the room really got my stomach rumbling. Ordered the lamb biryani, chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan. Everything was SO flavorful and aromatic. Tender meats and delicious everything. Menu was a bit overwhelming for a first-timer, but great descriptions for everything so I have an idea of what to order next time. Wish there was a location in central phoenix/downtown! Love Tandoori Times!
Stopped by Charr after church for lunch and truly enjoyed the experience.  My wife had their Turkey Burger and I had the Charr Burger made medium-well.  We also had their Truffle Fries.  They tasted great!!!  Our server, Gino, made our visit an excellent experience!!!  We will be back for more.
Just back from my first visit to Red Bowl in almost four years. I live about 1 mile away from Red Bowl but stopped eating there due to the poor food and high prices. I was just reminded of how bad the food really is at Red Bowl.\n\nI ordered pork fried rice, cashew chicken and chicken with broccoli.  The rice had absolutely no flavor. None. It was just an overcooked, mushy pile of rice with some once-frozen veggies that were very dry. Both chicken dishes were absolutely drenched in oil and much too salty. I can honestly say that this was one of the worst meals I've ever had - my family shared the same opinion. Add in the higher relative prices compared to most Chinese restaurants and you have the perfect recipe for an entirely disappointing and unacceptable meal. I'd rate this zero if I could. \n\nA four year absence from Red Bowl made me forget how bad it truly is. That's not a mistake I will make again.
Meh, mediocre food. Pros: ham, fluffy eggs, beans and pea soup.  Cons: uber salty pork rinds, bland not cooked enough potatoes, dry and bland tourtière.
It's not terrible, but the products are always too much sugar and the espresso is too weak. The baristas are always really nice though and always friendly. I don't mind stopping in here and there.
Going up to four stars and rising.
We are always in search of new Indian restaurants in hopes of finding a decent one. We went here with low expectations and came out with an even lower bar - if that was possible. I would actually give this negative rating if yelp allowed that.\n\nThe food was not even remotely Indian - Every thing was doused in mayo which is definitely not a component of Indian cooking. The "daal" was merely boiled lentils seasoned with salt and pepper - again with no Indian flavors or taste.I had a n aloo tikki wrap and the potato patty was burnt and taste.\n\nWe could barely eat half of our meal. When I asked about the chef , the waiter confessed that the chef was not Indian though he was trying to learn Indian cooking.\n\nOn our way out, we agreed this was probably the "NEW LOW" in Indian food in the valley.We will never go back.
Hidden gem - Decent place great portions food is good, nice variety, good value..
I've been coming to Red for about 3 years and we love it! We moved about 6 miles father away from Red, but still choose to come back after trying places closer to our new house. The food is AMAZING! Yes they remodeled it and changed up the menu a little, but still same great food. Every guest we ever bring loves the atmosphere and the food. Try the garlic tuna roll and ASU Roll, delicious!
Excellent customer service, great food and awesome atmosphere!!! We ordered the bourbon chocolate cake and it took a little time getting out, the manager came over and said it was on the house!! And boy was that cake good!!! Would definitely recommend!
I dream about this place. Their guacamole and bottomless chips are addictive. My friends and I devoured two orders of it and they just kept asking us if we wanted more chips. Um, yes. Never stop giving them to me. The enchiladas suizas are amazing, and the jarritos are a nice non-alcoholic option. The tres leches cake makes me want to cry, it's so good.\n\nIt's a tiny place so make sure to have reservations, and it's good to note that it can get very loud. If you can deal with a somewhat cramped and lively space for the fantastic food, then you need to try this place.
I have a love-hate with GameWorks. After the opening of the competitor in downtown Summerlin, I have formed new opinions. \n\nI love that they participate in the Pogo Pass program,  love the bowling & the bar.\n\nI'm not so thrilled on their unlimited hour option, as the timer delays so you have to be very patient. You also don't retain any points for prizes with the unlimited option. \n\nOn the bright side, I have seen some great deals on Groupon for GameWorks. I also like how it's a great kid-friendly atmosphere but adults can also let loose with a drink at the bar. \n\nI'm here somewhat often only for the kiddos, but I wouldn't mind checking other options for kid time.
It's there Anniversary Today, sept 12, 2016!! \n\n1 Free Donut / Order!! Yay!!!\n\nFree Donut Stationary!! How neat!!
The service here was deplorable. I heard several complaints of the lack of service, and I experienced it firsthand. It took 10 minutes to get a menu, and another 20 to get the coke I ordered. How do you forget rice with an entree at an Indian restaurant. I hope the food is excellent, but I doubt it.
Clean and nice place.  Staff was friendly but sadly the food was just ok.  Sushi was bland and so was the bento box. Sushi tasted like the sushi you order from a grocery store.
Absolutely fantastic True Italian Restaurant. This place is in the same spot where Montasantos use to be. My daughter and I walked in and had dinner, she ordered the Spaghetti Aglio' Oglio and I have the Eggplant Parmigiano and both dishes were full of taste and quality. The sauce was perfect and not NY Italian style but real Italian. The Aglio' Oglio was exactly like my mother made it. I am highly recommending Trattoria Italia! The desserts are made fresh on the premises and the service was stellar! They will be expanding soon, blowing out the walls and taking over next door making it a banquet room for catered events. Run don't walk there, you will be so happy.
Loved it! Best Mexican I've had in Toronto.The Guaca Fresca was amazing, as well as the Enchiladas Suizas. Can't wait to go back!
My name is Terri and I am addicted to Duck Donuts. Fair warning that once you try Duck, you'll become addicted. Service is fast and friendly enough. They have great topping selections and if you're lucky enough to eat these fresh, you'll never go to dunkin donuts again! They are a must try!
Just glorified Krispy Creme donuts in my opinion. But not a bad option for decent donut if you're hankering for a one. \n\nThe store was a pretty dirty. Especially the counters, which meant my donut boxes had random icing and topping stuck to the bottom, making putting them in my car a real delight.
The food was incredible. To start we had the bacon wrapped cherry tomatoes on the small plate menu and gyozu. We had the tonkatsu with ramen egg noodles. It was savory and super hearty, I haven't had anything like this in the Phoenix area so it's refreshing to see a diverse menu like this\n\nThe service however wasn't as great. Tables were not bussed for over 45 minutes, so we just had to look at 3 tables with dirty plates the entire time we were there. \n\nThe overall atmosphere of the restaurant is unique with the 3 large projections of anime and the music was fun. I would recommend to a friend, but at the same time I will cross my fingers that they hire a bus boy.
Absolutley the worst turkey burger i have ever had. My date ordered the salmon salad.......no salmon. She had to substitute chicken. Really, no salmon on a the Friday night before Easter?  The turkey burger was over cooked and rubbery. The bun was stale and unedible. Absolutely zero flavor. What a waste of a Saturday night. As much as I like to support local mom and Pop's, I wont be able to support this one. PV burger Co, or Red Robin for me.
Not sure why they are not rated higher. Staff is amazing and always friendly. Have yet to eat anything that wasn't seasoned well and cooked perfectly. \n\nMeatloaf beats my recipe which is hard to admit. Drink prices are reasonable and food is priced for the market. \n\nIm a once a week kinda guy there which doesn't happen anywhere else. Check it out for sure.
I had never heard of Duck Donuts, but had a family member bring a box over when they visited.  The donuts were so moist and delicious. There's a huge variety of flavors.  It was a cake donut but definitely better than Dunkin.  I will be going there myself - DELICIOUS!
Wir hatten mit einer akademischen Gruppe ein Essen. Im Vorfeld konnten wir aus zwei Menüs, Fisch o Ente wählen. Getränkekarte gabs erst auf Nachfrage. Das Brot u die dazu gerreichten Butter waren sehr lecker. Die Vorspeise bekamen wir alle miteinander. Beim Hauptgang waren die Fischesser schon fast fertig, als erst die Ente kam. Im Gegensatz zum angekündigten Kartoffelbaumkuchen wurde Risotto (etwas büßtest) gereicht u es gab auch kein Gemüse. Die Ente war etwas Zuviel durch u oben nicht knusprig. Der Nachtisch bei beiden Menüs war in Ordnung. Für einen Menupreis um die EUR 40,00 hätte ich mehr erwartet, vor allem da außer den Getränken schon alles vorbestellt war u die Küche wusste wieviel von jedem Gericht sie auf einmal herrichten mussten.
***1/2 stars\n\nPlaya Cabana is nestled on a residential street at Davenport and Dupont.  Rumours about not being able to get in without a reservation are definitely true - even at lunch time.\n\nI came here on a Friday afternoon around 1:30PM and the place was packed.  Just when hopes of a table came up, we were told the fellas at the bar had dibs on it.  I can see why because the bar was definitely cramped when it came to leg room in an already small restaurant.  I would say it seats no more than 40 and the servers really have to do a whole dance to maneuver around.\n\nThe one good thing that came of sitting at the bar is a full frontal view of the kitchen as well as one of the best bartenders in the city.  He was attentive, entertaining and makes, in my humble opinion, one of the best Mojitos in the city.  While you can opt for the traditional (made with rum) - tequila lovers can rejoice as he offers that as an alternative.\n\nA sign on the wall proudly announces that they make their own soft shell corn tortillas in house - a bragging right that most restaurants cannot herald.\n\nWe started off with the Guaca Fresca ($8) which comes in mild, medium or spicy.  We opted for the spicy and didn't find it to be spicy.  The guac itself was rather bland, as were the chips.  A far cry from the lime-salted tortilla chips at Grand Electric.\n\nWe also opted to share the Cubeta de Camaron ($16), a 1 lb bucket of shrimp tossed in an Arbol-garlic butter, Cancun style.  These were delicious.  I liked the spices and the shrimp were grilled to a nice pink.\n\nFor mains we shared the Tacos de Pescado ($14) and went with the grilled option ($1 more).  All taco dishes come with 3 tacos though you can get 4 to make it more sharable.\n\nI simply couldn't leave without an order of Churros - or could I?  In the case of Playa Cabana, I am disappointed to say I could've skipped dessert. My expectation of an airy Churro rolled in cinnamon sugar was nowhere to be found.  Instead, a nightmare of a hard and overly sweet stick (which was probably re-fried) showed up on my plate.  Suffice it to say that this was one (rare) occasion where I didn't finish dessert.\n\nOur meal came up to about $69 net of tip.  While I really enjoyed the bucket of shrimp and the tacos were delicious and fresh; as a whole Grand Electric is still my favourite joint when I'm in the mood for Mexican.  The weak points of my meal here were definitely the guac and the Churros.\n\nBut as the sign above the large communal table read "Todo chido" (it's cool).  I'll likely be back to try out their burritos in the near future.
I strongly recommend giving this place a try. When my friend and I came here it just happened to be during the lunch buffet. Really good price for all the food options you get...$14. We upgraded the naan bread for $2 and that was such a good choice! The garlic and chili garlic naan was awesome. \nGreat service and authentic tasting Indian food.
I don't care what anyone says, I had an amazing time here. Although it's not as big as the old gameworks on the strip, there are still plenty of enjoyable games for any age limit. Unfortunately the first game I played had a little problem and it wasn't working at all, so I wanted to speak to a manager about it because I didn't receive the points I won. The manager, Charles was so polite and friendly. He eventually refunded our points and had a tech to fix the game. It's my favorite game so far.
I don't expect good service from most Chinese establishments but the staff are fast, friendly and wonderful here! Wide variety of options on the menu.
Yuck. You let me down, Yelp. I'm new to the area and haven't found all the good pizza places yet, I'm very disappointed with the quality of the pizza here. They don't use fresh ingredients - a slop of frozen spinach and canned mushrooms piled high on a salty pizza. Won't be getting pizza from here again.
I love indian food, I have been to this location couple of times. I love their vegi beriani and Tandoori chicken. The restaurant is clean and the employees are nice but lazy sometimes, they need to work a little harder.
Fantastic find in the Phoenix area.  Was a highly rated place via Yelp and did not disappoint.  Place was packed on a Sunday afternoon.  Quite possibly the best place of fried rice I have had while living in Arizona.  The chicken had a nice coating of curry flavored seasoning which added a nice element to the dish.  Will be back very soon to try more menu items!
Literally the best donut I have ever eaten. My favorites are the maple bacon and cinnamon sugar. Very cool to watch the donut go from batter to finished product in a couple minutes. I didn't really even like cake donuts before them.
After finding this restaurant on yelp with great reviews, my husband and I decide to stop in for lunch. Let me start off by saying, the food is great. We ordered the baked pasta and a Cesar salad. Now the downfall. This is the first Italian restaurant, that didn't order bread when first sitting down. Originally our order included the bowl of the minestrone. We let the guy who took our order that we would like our salad and soup before the pasta. At least 15 minutes go by and here comes our baked pasta which was great cause it came out so fast, but we never got our salad and soup. The lady who brought out the pasta said she would check on it. She took our pasta away and then the guy who had taken our order came out and apologized for the mix up and then told me that they didn't have any minestrone soup. 20 minutes now after we put in our original order, you just now tell us you don't have something we had order. Long story short, the food was great. The service was horrible!! Definitely will not be going back here just because the service was so bad!! It's really to bad cause we really enjoyed the food!
Came on a Saturday morning at 11am. The restaurant was packed and clearly understaffed. After sitting down, it was awhile before we even got our menus. Around 20 min wait before getting our food. After getting our food, we had to asked multiple people before we got cutlery. The food was decent for an average breakfast place. Surprised they do not offer fresh squeezed orange juice. Only bottled drinks available.
For ambiance, price, selection, and quality of food, this cafe does as well as anyone.  They even offer discounts to SP members.  We recently had a group brunch on a Saturday and this turned out to be a perfect venue.  It's not crowded at that time (surprisingly), so we were able to stay a long time without feeling we were taking up space from other customers.  \n\nThe brunch food was really good and really well priced.  Seriously, I think for brunch there are only one or two things on the menu that are over $10.  You can't say that about even the junky pancake houses.  Plus if the weather is good you can eat outside, away from traffic, and with a view of the preserve.  It's also mostly shaded outside.  \n\nI often take out of town visitors here to eat.  My most recent lunch was a poke (Ahi tuna) salad which in which there was a very generous amount of tuna - and I think it was only $10!  I was very happy.\n\nI will keep returning.
Love this place! I don't get to come downtown often but if I ever feel like dim sum (yum cha), this is the place to go! (It's just a liiiiiitle loud on the weekends)\n\nCart service is on point. The ladies never miss a table. Other reviewers complaining about not getting cart service is kind of silly because they only serve it during 10-2pm. You can't get breakfast options at certain restaurants after 11am either and you don't complain about that either!\n\nService here is fast and waiters are attentive. It's super busy though so you may have to repeat yourself a couple times either because of the noise or because they forgot what you asked for (I don't blame them!) \n\nFood tastes amazing. Can't complain! I loved their shiumai (excuse my bad spelling), hargow, shrimp dumpling and flat rice noodles. Yum!\n\nOn a separate note, I never got to get my chow fun dish that I saw being carted around on the other side of the room because it was just too loud for my baby and he was getting fussy. Had I been there without the babes, I would've gotten the chow fun lol
Great cake donuts with interesting combinations of coatings and toppings.  They pretty much make it anyway you want it.  Personally, i love the cinnamon sugar with vanilla drizzle!  The regular strawberry coating is awesome too!
I just tried the maple bacon donut and my life is forever changed. I don't think there is a combination better than maple and bacon.
Friday night was the fourth or fifth time I have stopped by Gameworks. It's on my way home from work so I meet up with friends there occasionally. I always have a great time.  Whether it's playing the games with my friends,  bowling, or hanging out at the bar, it's fun.  The staff has always been friendly and helpful.  The food is yummy,  especially the chicken nachos,  and the bartenders are a lot of fun, especially the chick with the skull tattoo. Check it out. Make sure you play the Pacman air hockey game,  it's crazy.
I had a very good experience. The food was hot and served relatively quick despite it being very busy that day with only 2 servers. The food was tasty, and filling. The price is very very good. The meal came with a slice of cake of your choosing afterward, from their large selection of cakes. Very pleasant little bistro in Richmond Hill.
Mom and I went in here this evening and will not ever return. \n\nThe place is not very nice looking to start with but aside from that, the service was hands down the worst I've experienced in quite some time. \n\nThe server ("Supervisor" according to the receipt) was so incredibly unfriendly. Besides NEVER responding to either of us when we said thank you each time she placed a dish, she started off by treating us as if we were taking her away from something more important - we were the first table in the place for dinner - and snappy throughout the order, including when she asked if we wanted the dishes mild, medium, or hot. I asked my mother what she preferred and the server stood there, seemingly annoyed repeating "mild, medium, or hot" louder. Her rude demeanour continued from the moment we arrived until we left.\n\nThe food tasted just okay at best. The service was terrible.
Sooooo good! Love this place! Blueberry powdered sugar and Lemon with strawberry drizzle are the best!
Hoooly Cabana the food is awesome here!! The guacamole and nachos. Oh heavens me. Tasted amazing. Loveddd their enchiladas. The food is delicious and the portions are generous. Huge fan.
Don't ever go to this Red Lobster. Not only is the service terrible, the management is terrible. I just had the worst experience ever. Poor Red Lobster, this used to be my favorite restaurant, but i will never eat there again. It was that bad.
Reasonably priced for great food. Great atmosphere, besides soccer playing on tv in background.
small place in a nice neighbour hood make sure to make reservations before going they don't have enough space specially if you want to sit in side, must try the chips and guacamole and burrito and be careful with the chillies they have on they table extremely hot.
It's nice to see Gameworks back in Vegas, since I remember going to the old location on the strip. By comparison,  this new location is a ton newer but also smaller. It's nice to see that everything isn't falling apart and all the games are clean and actually work!\n\nI'm not sure though why they made the restaurant area so large because Gameworks is usually an arcade first and restaurant second. I've been to multiple locations around the country and all of them have a much much larger gaming area than restaurant. The restaurant also has a ton of wasted space that could've been used to accommodate games so that it doesn't feel as cramped inside when you're playing. The only thing I like about the restaurant is the TVs and projector screens they have all around. Makes this a great place to watch sports!\n\nThe games themselves are decent although not a whole lot seemed to spark my interest. Most of them are pretty expensive too, costing approximately 7-12 credits. Each credit is 25 cents unless you buy in large dollar amounts such as $50-100.\n\nOverall Gameworks at Town Square is a good place to hang out or kill some time, but wouldn't be a place I'd visit frequently.
115.863 Gäste planten hier in den letzten sieben Tagen ihren Restaurantbesuch.    Mein ProfilLogoutGastroforumRestaurantsuche NameOrtPLZBundesland Bitte auswählen Baden-Württemberg Bayern Berlin Brandenburg Bremen Hamburg Hessen Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Niedersachsen Nordrhein-Westfalen Rheinland-Pfalz Saarland Sachsen Sachsen-Anhalt Schleswig-Holstein ThüringenKüche Bitte auswählen Afghanisch Afrikanisch Arabisch Argentinisch Asiatisch Amerikanisch Australisch Balkanspezialitäten Bayrisch Böhmisch Chinesisch Deutsch Elsässisch Englisch Euroasiatisch Europäisch Französisch Fränkisch Griechisch Irisch Italienisch Indisch International Japanisch Koreanisch Kroatisch Libanesisch Maritim Mediterran Mexikanisch Orientalisch Österreichisch Pfälzisch Portugiesisch Regional Sächsisch Schwäbisch Spanisch Thailändisch Türkisch Vietnamesisch Westfälisch AndereUmkreis Bitte auswählen 0 km 5 km 10 km 15 km 20 km 25 km 50 kmmit Bewertungmit Reservierungs-möglichkeitenLOGINBenutzername:Passwort: login   Anmelden    Home ) StartseiteSo geht'sNeu bewertetSchreibenEintragenTop 5Top 10 nach Küche100 Meistbesuchte Rest.Interaktive KarteSuchenLogin für RestaurantsRestaurant CommunityCommunity MitgliederKostenlos registrierenCommunity LoginRestaurant-Kritik NewsNachschlag VideoblogOnline-ReservierungRestaurantsGutscheine )Restaurant-Gutscheine101 Feinschmecker sind momentan online.Aktuell 80679 Restaurants eingetragen.Aktuell 54532 Bewertungen online.Werbung buchenMediadatenKunden-Login Gastronews AllgemeinGastro TermineKöcheForumFeinschmecker ShopPressebereichFeinschmecker-BlogBuchshopGewinnspielTagungshotelsHotelkritikGastrojobs 1Gastrojobs 2Kreuzfahrtenrestaurant-news.deNichtraucherrestaurantPartnerprogrammRestaurantBARWeinshopShopWein-Plus Weinführer  ERROR 404 Diese Seite existiert nicht. Bitte benutzen Sie die Restaurantsuche:    RestaurantsucheNameOrtPLZBundesland Bitte auswählen Baden-Württemberg Bayern Berlin Brandenburg Bremen Hamburg Hessen Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Niedersachsen Nordrhein-Westfalen Rheinland-Pfalz Saarland Sachsen Sachsen-Anhalt Schleswig-Holstein ThüringenKüche Bitte auswählen afghanisch afrikanisch amerikanisch arabisch argentinisch asiatisch australisch balkanspezialitäten bayrisch böhmisch bulgarisch chinesisch deutsch elsässisch englisch euroasiatisch europäisch französisch fränkisch gourmet griechisch gutbürgerlich hessisch indisch international irisch italienisch japanisch koreanisch kroatisch lateinamerika libanesisch maritim mediterran mexikanisch orientalisch österreichisch pfälzisch portugiesisch regional russisch schwäbisch sächsisch spanisch szene thailändisch türkisch vegetarisch vietnamesisch westfälisch AndereUmkreis Bitte auswählen 0 km 5 km 10 km 15 km 20 km 25 km 50 km mit Bewertung mit Reservierungs-möglichkeiten " nach oben Hallo Lou YouMein ProfilPasswort ändernMeine BewertungenMeine FotosMeine FreundeMein MerkzettelMeine VideosCommunity empfehlenKritiker im UmkreisWer bewertet wie ich?NachrichtensystemKritiker FindenTreffen/Termin-WikiForumAvatarVideo communityLogoutRestaurants im Umkreis von Philippsburgfinden Sie hier.Facil in BerlinMeistbesuchte Städte Bitte wählenBerlinHamburgMünchenKölnLeipzigMagdeburgEssenDresdenFrankfurt/MainStuttgartNürnbergHannoverDortmundBremenDüsseldorfBochum   02.01.2008 20:04neue Schmunzelecke...   02.01.2008 19:56Gute Wünsche für 2008 !   02.01.2008 19:45mir langt´s ... &qu...   02.01.2008 18:03Rezepte mit Kohl - ...   02.01.2008 17:20Grundgedanke von Re...Das ewige Malheurmit dem Hüftgold...PopularitätsrauschbeiOnline-KochportalenGastwirtin IsabelleLindner überreichtSpendenscheck über4000 EuroKritiker Shop bei del.icio.us speichern als Lesezeichen speichern In Kooperation mit:Ahgz.de | kochmesser.de | TopTisch | Restaurant-Kritik.at | Restaurant-Kritiker.ch | food-x.de | starwine.de | espanien.deHome | Link us | Newsletter | Sitemap | Bewertungen | Partnerprogramm | RestaurantBarRestauranteintrag | Presse | Jobs | Impressum | Kontakt | Werbung/Mediadaten | RestaurantverzeichnisCopyright © 2002-2007 by www.restaurant-kritik.de. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
Long holiday weekend. Sunday afternoon around 2:30 we finally found the place for lunch - it's part of a 4 (or so) building complex wrapped around the back. Ok, so we go in. It is completely empty of customers. Nice bar to the left with about 4 people who seem to work there but we were ignored for a few minutes till someone notices us and says, oh you can sit anywhere. So we do. We get water immediately. Then a wait of about 10 more minutes in an empty room (while the 4 keep on talking) till someone else (our server) arrives with more water and menus. Other than that it was ok. We had the tandoori wraps - very good. The rest of the menu looked worth trying. Evidently they are getting a new menu June 1. Interesting concept of a card that you get cash back on your food totals - ask about it. The only other thing worth mentioning is that it would be nice if raita (even plain yogurt)  was free on request - $2.50 is a lot for it, even if you get a lot  - more than needed. And they were out of the 12oz Kingfisher bottles.  Ryan (our server) was very nice. Interesting decor, Indian but not cheesy.  Funny sidebar about a group of 3 (highly tattooed) who had never eaten Indian food before and were given quite a thorough introduction ... always glad to have my stereotypes challenged :-) give it a try.
It's SO nice to have Game Works back! Wish it were as big as the old location on the Strip, but this is a nice modern twist, and in a great location. \n\nBowling, video games, photo booths, basketball hoop game (worth mentioning because its my favorite) drinks and food. Almost as good as Dave & Buster's. Kids loved it, Mom and Dad liked sitting in the restaurant area and letting the kids wreak havoc. Just kidding! We aren't *those* parents... well, at least not on that day =)
Don't waste your money!  Terrible service. They have no idea what good customer service is. They can't take an order 2 save their lives. Awful! Lazy...wait to order......hope they get it right. Must not care.
I must start by saying that we are always looking for new and interesting takes on burgers.  I thought we hit the jackpot with Charr American Burger Bar, sadly that was not the case. \nWhile the menu is interesting and I was very excited to see that they are  using homemade Garlic knots in lieu of the standard burger bun. We ordered the zucchini wedges and they were a true disappointment,  bland and overcooked.  My husband ordered the Phoenix burger and it was bland. I ordered the Carolina burger,  the burger was also not seasoned, the "grilled chipolinni onions were ice cold as was the bun, the bacon was precooked (way too far in advance) and it was lukewarm.  The restaurant was not busy with only one person at the bar and one man having lunch, so I was not expecting such a mediocre meal and service.  \nTruly dissatisfied & disappointed.
We had the kids quesadilla meal as a snack. It was very bland. Should at least serve it with some kind of salsa. I also had an ice cream from their freezer and it was halfway melted. Who likes half melted ice cream? How about making the freezer a little colder? I didn't like the meals here at their first temporary cafe when they first opened the Springs Preserve, and even though they now have a nice and stylish permanent dining facility, the food is still mediocre. Service is pretty prompt and courteous though.
Yelp, you really need to stop removing my reviews just because I don't agree with everyone else. I don't feel like typing it all out again, but basically I'm giving the place five stars because I think it's a great addition to TS, and you can make a fun night of it between AMC, this, and Blue Martini. You could spend hours at TS because of those three places. Yes, some games were broken, but I'll give them a few months to work out the glitches. I also see the arcade expanding in the future because the restaurant doesn't seem to be that popular, but the rest of the arcade is. Peace.
Best slices off the top in Pittsburgh. Award winning pepperoni! .....Consistency is its #1 seller......tastes the same for 40 years I've been going!!!!
3D games no 3D glasses, about %25 of games or more are out of order, save your money. I always leave nice reviews when deserved. The bar looked good for adults and their new XD Dark Ride was the only fun game all other games are very outdated. We will not be returning very boring they need to put more experience games not worth the money hope management reads this and they make it fun for people one day.
This place makes a delicious pho. I ordered rare beef to go, and in typical fashion is was ready in under 5 minutes. Got it home, the broth was scalding hot still, so it perfectly cooked the beef. The noodles were the right texture, and the salad was fresh as can be, with no wilted brown tails on the bean sprouts. Really good flavour on the broth, although I agree with other posters that this is not one where the typical spices of anise and cardamom sing. Well rounded and meaty, it was still the perfect comfort food. I skipped my usual condiments doctoring, because it really didn't need it; the salt levels are bang on. While I didn't eat in, I did scope out the space. Not 100% clean, but not disturbingly dirty either. It had the sort of patina you'd expect from a place where customers are enthusiastically slurping down big bowls of soup. Will be back to try the bùn.
I did not go here for dim sum. Instead my family went here for dinner because some of my relatives had come here for both lunch and dinner before.\n\nThe place certainly looked nice. It looked like it was ready for a wedding or a very special occasion. My family was the first table to be filled. We were actually the only ones there for a while. It felt sort of strange just because this restaurant was so big (it took up an entire upper floor).\n\nThe service was very odd, but looking back it was sort of funny. The staff, including the kitchen staff were playing mah jong in the corner of the restaurant since there were no customers coming. Even when we got there, they didn't do anything. We were seated and given a menu to look at, but that was about it. My family felt like the staff were more into their mah jong game than actually doing their jobs. We had a hard time getting someone's attention to take our order.The service kind of improved when 2-3 more tables were filled. (Still, it was strange that a place so large had almost no customers.)\n\nFoodwise, it was just okay. The seafood we got tasted dry and getting the shells off was a task. There was also a hair in our lobster dish. Nothing else we ordered really stood out. I don't think I ate much for dinner that night.\n\nI'll just assume that their dim sum is better than their dinner stuff since the place is called "Dim Sum KING". I for sure would never come back here for dinner and I don't know if I'd give lunch a shot. If I ever do, it won't be anytime soon.
Next time you're bored on a Thursday, come to Springs Preserve for a quick trail run... then swing into the Divine Cafe for Happy Hour from 4-8PM! Or just do the HH, I won't tell anyone.\n\nThe fact that a museum/park restaurant has decent food is already a delightful surprise, but throw in a liquor license and happy hour and you've actually got something pretty unique. HH features live jazz and a limited menu of appetizers and seasonal cocktails, not to mention the phenomenal view.\n\nKETTLE CHIPS: Brought to the table upon seating, decently fresh and nicely seasoned. Provided ranch for dipping? A fresh salsa would be way better!\nDEVILED EGGS: four egg halves topped with kalamata olives, simple but tasty, with a low $4 price tag.\nCHEESEBURGER SLIDERS: Nice chargrilled taste, thick patties, topped with lettuce, tomato, and burger sauce.\nARTICHOKE AND CHICKEN NAAN: The highlight of our mini-meal! Served like a sandwich, think of a Panini made of naan, filled with cheese, artichoke, a bit of spinach, and strips of grilled chicken. This would make a good lunch option, generous portion.\n\nIn addition to all that tasty food, the service changes from walk-up to table service when they transition to HH. The young ladies who attended to us were super friendly and genuine. Looking forward to coming back!
Ate lunch there after about a two mile walk from the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch.  Very good food.  Reasonable prices and a lunch menu with various specials for each day of the week.  Complementary chai.\n\nWaitress was very pleasant and helpful. The restaurant was quite clean as were the bathrooms.  Would recommend.\n\nLunch menu choices were limited to six entrees.
I'm very surprised with a lot of negative reviews here. It doesn't seem like a good setting for a large group of people. That may be the issue. But it's a great place for a date or in a small group of no more than 4 people. \n\nThe setting was romantic. Bit like Moxie's or Keg but better. The server was very good too. Complimentary bread they give as an appetizer was nice and warm and tasted good.  \n\nI ordered the Risotto and it tasted really good. Very cheesy. You can always ask the server to add extra cheese on it and they will bring a block of cheese and scrape it in front of you. \n\nOf course the things were bit on the pricy side. But then again you pay for the setting and the service. Not somewhere I would go everyday for lunch so thought the prices were fair compared to other restaurants that are similar.
Came here for lunch and we ordered house salad, lobster pizza, caprese sandwich, and carbonara. None of their dishes stood out and pizza was bit too salty. I find that it's pricey for the quality of food you get there It ended up costing over $25 per person after tax and tip. I remember this place being really good when it first opened a number of years back but it's not the same anymore. I would not return here.
Cold food, extremely slow service, and below average food (we were there from 10am till 11am on a Saturday). All their shrimps were so hard and unflavourful, they probably kept reheating since nobody liked their shrimp dishes. We had 5 plates between two of us, very unsatisfied with every single dish and paid $25. I'd rather pay more and have better dim sum elsewhere.
I almost hate to write to this review because sometimes you want to keep a great secret all to yourself. That's what I feel the Divine Café is - it's a place that not many people know about which is a shame because it's such a great place. It's a very open, casual place where the mix of customers seem to all be enjoying their meals. We go to the Divine Café every Saturday unless something comes up or I'm out of town and it seems like I always have the burger with cheddar cheese. These burgers are huge and come with either salad, fries, or their homemade chips. They are topped with lettuce, tomato, bacon, and a really great pepper mayonnaise.  I've had great burgers here in Vegas, but for me all those other burgers don't compare to the burger here. This is the place with the best burgers. I always take the family so I've "tasted" other items from their menu and have to say that I have enjoyed everything I've tasted there. \n\nThe Divine Café is located at the Springs Preserve so after eating we walk the trails or see the exhibits they have to offer. As members we get ten percent off our meal. The staff is always friendly - from the person taking our order to the person who brings the food to the table. It's a great place. The café has a great outdoor seating area that gives you a great view of the city. We love to sit outside and enjoy good company, good atmosphere, and good food.\n\nWhen I have out of town guests come to visit you know that before they leave Vegas they are going to the Divine Café.
Don't let the old sign out front turn you away. Sure, the restaurant could have a better sign--but as long as their food is good, then I don't care. I would describe this place as a hideaway restaurant that isn't your typical place to eat. There's a lot of history in this place--it's situated in a neighborhood. Good place to grab chicken, jo-jos, and pizza! My wife and I like to split a pizza and a chicken dinner. Fun place to go on a Friday night.
Messy, gooey and delicious. The smell alone in this place is intoxicating, but the donuts are even better. They have a great breakfast combo, 2 donuts and a coffee for $3.95 and it's a great deal for a simple, yet decadent breakfast. They have various "donuts of the day" (but you can get them any day of the week) and the ability for you to customize your own. \n\nThe coffee is also very fresh and just a good cup of joe!
Had court in the morning at the Scarborough Landlord and Tenant board and have been meaning to try this place for a while and was in the area. \n\n$5.99 for a breakfast. 3 eggs, a meat (sausage, bacon, or ham), served with home fries and toast. \n\nOrdered my eggs over medium. Perfectly cooked. Home fries were a bit cold and that's where they lost a star from me. Sausage was typical, frozen mass produced meat. It was ok. Toast was good. \n\nService was great. \n\nAll in all a good place to grab a good, wholesome breakfast for a cheap price. Coffee was $2.50!which was a rip off to me but meh! Whatcha gonna do. \n\nSolid 3.75. Rounding up.
I'm as afraid to write this review as I was to admit:\n...My love for Anne Murray songs..."I cried a tear, you wiped it dry..."\n...How sometimes I chew my toenails off...(and save them for salad toppings.)\n...That yes, once, once for a year or so, I smoked Capris Ultra Lights. Menthol. 120s. \nBut I went to Olive Garden. And I enjoyed it. Stuffed mushrooms. Better than Oregano's. Fettuccini Alfredo...sauce clinging to noodles like The Hills girls to their careers....just barely and not smothering. The infamous salad...you know what?...quite good and with those galdarn breadsticks, almost orgasmic. Rickie's Marsala chicken...perfect...really! \nI had generic wine with great service and left very happy. Shout out to Stephanie especially who served and put up with a gaggle of urbanites in tacky paper tiaras. And a mini shout out to Susan who assisted for putting up with the gang but not having quite the mojo as Stephanie. Olive Garden. Ugh. Don't make fun of me for eating here. Don't reprimand me for clogging yelp with a tacky chain review. Just don't! I had fun. We ate. Even took home leftovers. I'm from Minnesota and have no idea what authentic Italian food is. I'm SURE this isnt' it. And those who complain that it's not are clearly delusional. IT'S NOT. But tonight was a blast and worthy of a solid 3.5 star review. Thank you for dining with us this evening and have a good night.
The burgers here are some of the best i've ever had! the atmosphere is amazing, yet simply a nice place to relax, unwind, and enjoy a REALLY good burger! :D
Went last weekend and enjoyed dinner on the patio with my family. It was our first time there. Food was good and it's cute the way you order your tacos. We had two pitchers of margaritas. The flavors were good but they seemed a little light on the alcohol.
Back again for more.  The pizza is just as good if not better.  They're back to accepting credit cards, which I'm pretty sure I mentioned it on my last review but just in case, haha.\n\nOne of the two partners seems to always been there.  They're always up for talking and they are always very appreciative of your business.  I think they definitely have an excellent little local gem in their hands.\n\nEveryone should try this place out! :)
I went with a girlfriend and we ordered drinks and some crab balls which were really good! We also ordered a pizza with black olives, chicken, spinach and cheese. The pizza dough was a little dry and floury and there was not very much cheese or chickenon the pizza. All round the experience was pretty good, i would go back.
Red is a great place for sushi!  They have some great proprietary rolls. The red roll is great! Their happy hour is affordable and a large variety to choose from. Honestly some of the best sushi I've had in AZ. \n\nThey do take out and their dining room has a great feel, nice sound level and there are always people in the dining area. Gets busy on weekends. Worth it. \n\nClean, friendly, good food!
My family of 6 whent for vaction in toronto and ate here. The service was terrible they didn't bring us fish sauce, not enough chop sticks, no knife to cut the pork chops, no waters as we wrote down on the paper and the food had no taste. Only good thing I can say about it is the soup broth tasted okay. Don't recommend this to anyone.  And the washroom are messy
Great hot dogs and sandwiches. Friendly staff, fast service. Genuine Chicago style hot dog shop. Highly recommended
Absolutely hands down the best pho i have ever eaten and the spring rolls are to die for...will continue to go back here when im in the area.
Flew into town on Christmas Day.  Starving and on a chance we stopped by to see if they were open.  Yay they were, and busy.  Guess we weren't the only hungry folks on Christmas.
Great brunch spot. Good size portions, and the home fries are awesome (crispy and seasoned). I'm a big fan of the texmex messy burrito.
We loved the idea of this cafe.  Locally sourced food and a changing menu based on freshly available products.  He had the BBQ Sliders and I had the Chicken Panini.  The BBQ sliders were done well and the bun used was fresh and tasty.  The Chicken Panini was cooked well and the red onions were a great touch.  \n\nThe sides were the semi-missed out on piece of the puzzle.  The feta and bean salad was just okay, not bad, but not as good.  Considering that it was roughly $10.50 for the sliders and $13 for the panini, it was too much money for the offerings given (total $23.50 for just two sandwich plates - no drinks, no dessert).\n\nThey had Stewart Root Beer, which was definitely a bonus in my fiancee's book!  \n\nOverall: B\nWe wouldn't mind giving this place another try, but considering the price tag for just sandwiches with just okay sides - we most likely will try other options in the downtown Phoenix area!
I have liked every sub I've had there with the exception of one. Pretty good odds!
The food was GREAT and nice friendly atmosphere! You'll Love it! Alot of neighborhood locals who couldn't say enough wonderful things about Pho Noodle. They're RIGHT!!!
Solid classic diner fare with an affordable menu in an area with not much in the way of brunch selection, so an oasis of sorts, if an oasis had eggs and bacon. \n\nLocated between a Canadian tire and a closed down Staples, the place feels a little out of place with its surroundings, but in a good way. We sat in the patio with umbrellas protecting us from the sun while we whiled away the early afternoon.\n\nOrdered the Messy Tex Mex burrito with eggs, bacon, and cheddar, with salsa verde on top and home fries. Portions were gut bustingly huge! Everything was fresh as expected and home fries looked in house made and not frozen, so an added bonus. \n\nSolid value for money, and this is definitely a go to brunch spot in Scarborough along with Markham station.
As Barrio becomes more popular they care less about customer service. A group of us went in late and ordered tacos and drinks. At 1:15 our mostly full drinks were taken out of our hands rudely-by a woman who was not our waitress- and we were told their liquor license ends at one. We asked if we could quickly finish the drinks we payed for since we weren't alerted about this before and promptly told no. We were treated like we should have known yet we were allowed to stay and finish our tacos. When I told me waitress about what had happened she just said she didn't know the license ended at that time. Their staff seems untrained and unconcerned about their customers experience. We won't be returning to Barrio to waste our money again and treated poorly.
This place is a must check out if you haven't already! My grandma had taken my mom here for dinner recently and they both were talking about how great it was. It's super close to my house so one night my mom decided she wanted to take my husband and I here for dinner and chose this place. It was terrific! The staff was very friendly and the place is put together very well. We all enjoyed our delicious dinner and even had a ton of food leftover to take home. My mom ordered a huge house salad and their house wine, my husband ordered the pesto gnocchi , and I ordered a penne pasta with marinara for my daughter and I. Everything was extraordinary! I'm craving their food now as I type this! A must check out if you haven't already! Can't wait to go back again soon!!
Here's the thing I've never really experienced GameWorks before, even back when it was on the Strip, and I've never been to a Dave and Busters so all of this is new to me. Anyways I've been to this location more than a few times and honestly I like it.\n\nThey have a bowling alley, a bar and restaurant, lots of arcade games, you can earn tickets and redeem them for prizes, billiard tables, lots of screens to catch a sports game playing, and even computer and console games area. You can play at the billiards tables for $5 an hr.\n\nFood is your usual bar food I guess there's pizzas, burgers, chicken tenders, sandwiches, salads, etc. They even have a deal where certain items on the menu comes with an hr play of the arcade for like $15 and you can use the cards anytime for 1 hr straight. I kind of have been stashing them cause I have 3 cards.\n\nSeems like a great place for families and people of all ages. Haven't had a bad experience yet and customer service has always been great. I'll definitely be back.
Though I've only been here once, I still wanted to write a review while my (good) experience is fresh on my mind.\n\nThis place opened almost 2 years ago, and from reading some of the negative reviews around service and food quality, I was very apprehensive about going....but...I had to see for myself!  \n\nUp until now, I've only frequented the "more casual/less expensive" Turtle Jacks next door, which coincidentally is physically attached to Fraticelli's and from what I heard, is owned by the same people.  \n\nFirst off...I adhered to the many recommendations of NOT going on a busy weekend, and NOT going in a large group, because it seems most of the "complaints" are in large group settings on the busiest day of the week...Saturday.\n\nSo...I chose a Friday lunch, and only went with my significant other.  \n\nWe got there right at 11:30 to beat the rush, and 2 of the cooks were just walking in (you could tell, because they were wearing all black).  They each held the door open for us so we walked straight through the double sets of doors.  That felt nice...but it was the hostess that really made our initial impression a very positive one.  She put on a huge smile (braces and all) and looked us both in the eyes and welcomed us.  She then explained the 3 different seating areas and asked which we preferred (her braces made her enunciation a bit entertaining, but she was trying really hard to speak clearly so we couldn't fault her for that!).  We chose the dining room.  As we were being guided in, she gave us an option of a booth or traditional table, and then asked if it was our first time (which it was).  At the table, she welcomed us again, told us the name of our server, and with another big smile was off back to her station.  And yes....she was rather attractive, but it was the positive demeanor and the way she made us feel welcome that we appreciated.  Let's face it...looks only go so far, because there are many attractive people out there...but if the attitude stinks, they're still unattractive! So yes, she was very attractive!\n\nOur waitress came within a couple of minutes.  Yes, she was attractive too, but a bit older (35?), and very professional, not wearing anything skanky, and definitely not doing this job as a summer job.  She welcomed us and knew it was our first time already (the hostess must have told her).  She explained all the specials, and knew all the main ingredients of each.  No summer-student bimbo here...another plus!\n\nWe ordered a beer and pop for drinks.  When she returned, she gave us a free sample appetizer as a welcome to the restaurant!  She explained the 10+ different items in the sampler (which is a scaled down sampling of their appetizers), and took our food order.\n\nWe had the Calabrese Pizza and the Vegetable Panini.  Both were excellent.  The pizza was slightly spicy with lots of provolone and gorgonzola cheese....just wonderful!  I would recommend asking for it to be well-done if you like a crispy crust though, because with all that cheese and toppings, the pizza sags a bit due to the weight.  Regardless, it was very good, and quite filling.\nThe vegetable panini came with parmigiano truffle shoe string fries - Excellent!  I've never had that before, and the parmesean cheese really added that extra taste.\n\nAs for the service...our server definitely knew her stuff.  She would walk by without disturbing us, but would glance over at our dishes, and then take a quick glance at myself and my date to see if there was anything we wanted, but not interupting us.  When we needed something...a quick eye contact was all that was needed to get her attention, and we were once again welcomed with a smile.  Her attentiveness, but unobtrusiveness made our lunch very private, while still being constantly "served" when needed.\n\nOur lunch came to $50 with tax and tip, so this is not a cheap place, and probably not a "regular daily" lunch spot.  But if you're celebrating something with that special someone, I would recommend this place.  Some "yelpers" compare this to Moxies and Milestones, but I think it's a notch above, and not in the same league as those chains.  The Turtle Jacks next door is more on the level of Moxies and Milestones, but not Fraticelli's!\n\nOn leaving, we were greeted with another big smile from the same hostess....braces and all...  :-)\n\nP.S.  The only reason this is a 4-star and not a 5-star rating is because I've only been here once.  A 5-star rating should be earned with consistency (food and service), so now I have an excuse to return many more times ;-)
Most of the shrimp dishes tasted fresh. A lot of the fried dishes came out greasy and cold. The service took a lot longer for how few people were there.
My husband and I go there when we are craving Japanese food and do not want to drive too far from the house.  The restaurant is very kid friendly for our 3 year old... He enjoys the kids meal...\n\nThe sushi is just "so so".....we have had much better, but also worse.\n\nThe wait staff are friendly and the service has been prompt on our visits (normally weeknights)....\n\nWe will continue to frequent Red Koi.
Man, when my ex-bf used to work there he would always bring home the best food.  I love their channa masala and lamb saag!  They also have some of the best naan around!  If you do get dessert, the ghulab jamen is insanely sweet, but their kheer hits the spot!
I brought my daughter here for her first sushi experience. It was really clean and the service was as one would hope for. The sushi was fresh and full of flavor. My daughter loved it and asks all the time to go back.
One of the best waitress/waiter staffs in the area. Very friendly and knowledgeable. Great food. I will suggest my favorite, the Bison Burger and cajun tater tots.
Have only been there once but was a big fan of the gyros. Had an large original gyro with fries and was a pretty good deal for $7.50. Very tasty
The restaurant inside the Phoenix Art Museum is great!  Lovely set-up, wonderful ingredients and combinations (affiliated with the Farm at South Mountain), pleasant and attentive staff, and reasonable prices - all in all, the best museum restarant I've been to!\n\nWe stopped in for some drinks and an appetizer between exhibits and were so pleasasantly surprised by food quality (without the inflated prices that usually come with being a captive audience), warm service and atmosphere and we actually planned to come hungry on our next museum visit.  \n\nThe food around us looked yummy: the sandwiches have great-looking ingredients, the crab cakes look marvelous and have barely any filling (per the server), and the coconut cake is a delightfully generous portion. To top it all off, they have named the menu items to go with their Hollywood Costume theme - hilarious!!
Today was National Meatball Day and we thought we would try the neighborhood family owned Italian restaurant! Absolutely fantastic food and service. The Insalada Italiania was more than enough for two and was very fresh. Spaghetti and meatballs were prepared to perfection.  Again, the portions were most generous! Our server, Jill, was most attentive and helpful. One of the owners, Pasquale, visited our table to make certain we were pleased with our meal! We were definitely pleased and assured him we will be returning and telling others about this wonderful treasure. Prices were moderate for the high quality of food and service.  You will be missing out if you don't try this gem.  Reservations recommended Friday and Saturday.
Thank goodness for great local places like Retz. They are our go to for pizza at our house parties. They also have great dine in hours, by being open more often and later than most other restaurants. I've enjoyed everything I've had there from burgers to appetizers. I highly recommend Retz if you're looking for a local, causal dinner.
I use to eat here alot. One of the best pho in city. I have taken a lot of people to this place to eat and all of them liked it. I live in Markham and some time I still drive all the away to this place to eat a good bowl of pho. \n\nThe service is alright. I don't really go for service in an Asian Restuarant. What do you you gonna get for 10 bucks? Four Season Service? Although I think this place might be running form immigration scam. Everytime I go in there have different group of people serving :-) Then again that goes for all cheap restaurant in Toronto. The only regular people you will see in there are the owners. :-)
I have visited the Brick House Tavern + Tap a total of 3 times - the first time was shortly after it opened.. the second, a year later, and the third was a week ago. \n\nThe first time was... awkward, even for my male companion, who should have been the one enjoying it. That visit was shortly after they opened, and employed  scantily-clad women to chat up the male customers as they perused the menu and stole quick (but obvious) glances to check out the warm, um... atmosphere.  \n\nNot to be deterred by serving a table for two which included 1 female, our  fetching young server made herself more than comfortable, sitting down for a chat after taking our orders. Really? We had gone to lunch to try the food and have a conversation while not having to prepare and serve our own food. Apparently we sent a signal that we wanted to discuss our upcoming holiday weekend (only one of the various pleasantries attempted) with a skinny, surgically enhanced stranger clad in bare-midriff. It was so awkward, both of us declared it ridiculous - so much so, that it was at least a year before we returned. In fact, neither of us remembered the food. I guess that should have been a tip-off for any future visits. \n\nVisit #2 - I don't recall what my friend ordered, but I had a piece of fish. A really really large piece of fish. Large as in - I now think I know where the word "codpiece" came from. I was certain that upon lifting this piece of fish, I would find the lost city of Atlantis beneath it. As far as the flavor - meh - pretty much bland - but I think i was turned off by the size. I'm not fond of taking "fish" home in a takeout container. I might as well toss it into the trash. Upon further inspection, I found it to be eclipsing a serving of haricot verts and some sort of potato hash - neither one being a side dish I would go back for. The best thing about this visit was the noticeable change in servers. Gone were the briefly-attired females.. replaced by respectfully dressed male servers throughout the dining room. So there was that. \n\nLast week - This was a "joke gift" visit. A friend had purchased a gift card, not realizing that the place was no longer a thinly veiled Hooters restaurant. \nI hoped for the best when I opted to stick with a wedge salad, and requested dressing on the side (the choice was bleu cheese), and SANS bacon. My friend ordered the ribs, and we asked for the Sweet and Spicy Tails appetizer, described as follows: crispy shrimp, cherry peppers, fresh cilantro, lime & sweet chili sauce. \n\nThe appetizer arrived, and we were thrilled when we first saw the portion size. Thrilled until we realized that there were only 5 very ordinary medium-sized shrimp  for which we practically needed a search party, among a huge portion of crispy fried onions. We are not onion lovers, so had we realized the appetizer was mainly  the onions with a couple of shrimp, we would have likely chosen differently. \n\nOur food arrived, and my friend pronounced the ribs "OK". The real freak show here was my salad, which was not just a wedge, but possibly an entire head of iceberg lettuce, chopped into 3 portions and placed core-down on the plate, with (can you guess?) bacon decorating it. I started to point them out to the waitress and she looked closely, declaring them to be pecans. Yikes. Absolutely bacon. The dressing was from a bottle. No bread was served, other than two pieces of toasted white bread (fresh from the wonder bread wrapper, no doubt) that came with my friend's rib entree. \n\nThe one star? For the interior - the large fire in the oversize see-through fireplace as you enter is warm and inviting. The place was nearly empty on a Thursday evening, while the other area restaurants appeared to be packed. Brick House really needs to upgrade their food to bring me back. So much great indie local fare, why bother with a chain restaurant serving very average fare?
I came here last night. We didn't have a reservation and got lucky as there was a no show.  I suggest making a reservation. \n\nThe hostesses and our server were lovely! Seriously, great service here :) The decor reminded me of a little place in Mexico from the random lit up signs, to the wobble tables, and (sadly) the run down restroom. \n\nI had a margarita that did not contain simple syrup.(can't remember the name, but it is the second on the margarita list)  It was tart and delicious.  BTW this is an authentic style place, so there are no frozen margaritas.  This suited me just fine.  It's not summer anymore!\n \nThe tacos are a la carte, and where this differs from a little place in Mexico is that they are priced at $6, instead of $1... So much for authenticity, lol. \n\nI had the grilled haddock taco - skip this. BLAND\n\nTuna taco - a bit bland\n\nBraised beef taco - tender and delish. 5 stars\n\nChicken Burrito - YUM 5 stars! It's large so share it if you are ordering a bunch of things.\n\nThere is a red hot sauce and a green hot sauce on the table. Both are excellent. The Green is VERY hot. \n\nI will return for sure. This is a fun place to go with friends or a date!
I've been here twice. Both times the service was very fast and the pho was tasty and the price was reasonable. \n\nI can't comment on the other food as I've only had chicken pho and a spring roll. The chicken is a bit spongy but the flavour was nice. The broth is delicious. \n\nI would definitely return next time I'm in the area.
I came on a Monday morning, and it wasn't busy at all. Inside had a very diner-like feel to it. Although the waitress was very friendly, the wait time for food was long. \n\nThe two of us shared the Panagio's Big Breakfast, which came with 4 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, 2 ham, 2 pancakes, toast, potatoes, and fruit. It's just enough for 2, and you get a bit of everything!\n\nThe bacon was extremely crispy and surprisingly thick which I was happy about because there was actually substance to it when you bit into it. Similarly, the slices of ham were thick. The pancakes were quite average. The potatoes were too salty for my liking, even when eaten with ketchup. I'd recommend trying the rye bread - it was toasted with butter and absolutely delicious! \n\nOverall, a good meal! I'd come back if I was in the Scarborough area and craving breakfast food.
Great addition to the 7th avenue neighborhood.  The Two of us ate - spring rolls and two dinners - cost was 20 bucks with tip and the food was fantastic.
It's a really tight space here but the food is to die for. Had the baha fish tacos and chicken burrito and I want to eat it all over again. Guaranteed food coma. Reservations are hard to get around peak hours so you're looking at a 9:30-10:00 pm seating if you're lucky. Music can be loud so it's not the greatest place to have a conversation. Washroom cleanliness is alright; cleaned every hour. Pricing is fair and on par. Will return!!!
I just can't find my way into giving 5 stars to a place that co-mingles alcohol and children. Having said that, I am an adult that likes to obtain the occasional cocktail, and I was pleasantly surprised with the level of service from what I can easily see as a great bartender: Erica Gueco. She was nice, personable, amiable, and attentive to my needs, all while expertly handling of the needs of the many other patrons. She is a credit to this establishment and a great person to have on the front lines. Though, with all the great food joints perched so closely to this place, and the general lack of consistency I've experienced here as far as the menu goes, I would have to say pass on the food. Just get drinks, from Erica if you're lucky.
Best donuts in town! So fresh! You get to pick your own toppings. All the ones I've had are delicious!
Delicious! Ordered the Pho beef combo and grilled pork spring rolls. Both was excellent! Service was great!
Hallelujah, praise the lord!  I've finally found good Mexican food in Toronto!\n\nPlaya Cabana had been recommended to me by several people, but it was so hard to get a reservation.  I walked in with a friend at something like 2:30 PM on a weekday, and it was still packed...luckily we just got a table.\n\nFirst off, the food:\nThe chips and salsa were very nice.  Great crunchy tortilla chips which they had clearly fried in-house that day (thank you for not using Tostitos).  The salsa was good, but oddly not all that spicy.\n\nI had 3 absolutely delicious fish tacos though.  After the nachos, it was so much food, I didn't need a side of the rice and beans.  The fish was expertly cooked and completely fresh.  They make it with whatever the catch of the day is.  Sweet!  Perfectly accompanied by heat, acid, and cream.  \n\nMy friend loved his food too.\n\nSecond the service:\nThe waiter was great, but he was pretty busy.  Sometimes it felt like it lagged a tiny bit, but I think we were coming in around shift change and the place was packed.  Nonetheless, he knew his food and kept us happy.\n\nThe atmosphere:\nIt was rainy, but looks like they have a sweet little patio.  Inside is cramped, but not unbearably so.  I'd rather get in and get a table.\n\nMy one complaint:\nThe music.  Mexican rap.  The choice of music wasn't the problem, it was the volume.  You might have thought it was 1 AM in a Vegas dance club in there.  I'm sure the staff in the kitchen were loving it, but I did not really want to shout to my friend for the entire lunch.  Try turning it down, your customers will still hear it...trust me.\n\nThe tequila selection looks pretty good.  I'll have to check it out on my next go around.
Amy is the best, but her tits tell the rest. lol jk place is ok food is good for the price. As well as the drink specials. Friendly places to make friends if a game is on.
I was I could give zero stars. Watching the bartender spill beer on her self, grab lemons with her hand and just putting them in a cup for the customers, putting ice in our beers ( is that a new thing?), and she never washed her hands. I know they have a hand washing sink back there. Food not cooked to order, medium doesn't mean well done. \nWaiting over 15 minutes just to get the check with our wallets out. Figure I would kill some time with this bad review. Don't waste your time just go to Applebee's across the street. At least the manager walks around there asking you if you need anything.
This is the new Italian restaurant that moved into the old montessano's space on eastern Ave in Henderson. \nWe had spaghetti and meatballs and chicken parm. \nEverything was excellent. It's a family owned business and the owner came over to welcome us. Everyone was very nice and welcoming. They are still getting settled in and with every new place there's a a learning curve, (just a few days since they opened) but first and foremost there spaghetti sauce is excellent !  We're looking forward to trying all their dishes.  Almost forgot...Their cannoli was very good as well !
I'll admit, I get a little overwhelmed trying to order. There's so many toppings and glazes that trying to be creative yet figure out what will go well together is a little stressful. They do have a list of suggested combinations which helps a lot. Also, the cashier will give their opinions on what will go well with what you want. These donuts are a bit heavier than donuts that I am used to but overall good. I think it's a cake battered donut that's deep fried. The box usually has oil stains which makes me feel like I need to go eat a salad. If you've ever played Cooking Fever, this is the Donut Shop in the game.
Pretty good facsimile of a Montreal deli.  Great service.  I'll be back.
Awesome place to eat very well prepared food & relax in wonderful furniture.  Inside is very comforting & the outside is great for those people that can't stand freezing cold air conditioning.
After spending Halloween handing out candy with my parents in the East Valley we were super hungry on our way home, about 9:45.  I always get nervous going into places like this right before closing time because I used to work at Paradise Bakery, and I know what a pain it is to clean up after just one stupid sandwich.  These guys definitely didn't show any displeasure.  We were warmly greeted with nary an evil eye in sight.  \n\nThe decor is super themed but cute.  I like the cheese thank you very much.  The employees are even in a sort of fire fighter uniform.  Their menu is diverse enough to make most people happy.  I was really hungry so I ordered the Firehouse Hero, a trio of roast beef, turkey, and honey ham.  The meats and cheese are steamed before hand to seal in extra juice and just make it really good.  Nice touch.  The bread was exactly the way I like it, sort of soft, sort of crusty.  The meats all tasted really great and were actually distinguishable from one another, unlike other certain sub shops.  The honey ham was my favorite, it was really sweet and really good.\n\nI wouldn't mind if they brought one of these Downtown.  Good sandwiches for a good price.
Overall the breakfast at this location was awesome. I had the texmex messy burrito and it rocked. Was HIGHLY disappointed though that I was not informed that the little side of sriracha hot sauce I requested was going to cost me an additional dollar! Ridiculous! Beware of crazy add on charges.
I walked by on a Sunday morning and saw their poster about $2.3 for each dish regardless of L M S size before 11:30 am so I went in to give it a try. The food was ok, but the service was not that great: the cart appeared very infrequently with very limited options - I stayed from 10 to 11 and  only saw about 10 different things presented to me, ordered 4, and spent most of my time waiting for the next cart to arrive. I would much prefer what I experienced in other places, where you can place an order and pick things up from the cart too, that way you can save a lot of time and I am sure they sell a lot more food too. \n\nThere is a sign for 'free wifi', but I never found the password for it, and since I already had a hard time trying to understand the servers - they just assumed I could speak Cantonese and their attempt of other languages sounded equally challenging to me ... So I decided not to let them suffer from another question of mine, and all I did was point, nod, or shake my head during the whole ordering process\n\nAnd there is tip from my experience: stick to the $2.3 deal for LMS, avoid the $5 'special-sized dish', while they are pretty good too, they are not really worth more than twice the cost.
Yay! I am a BIG fan!\n\nI am obsessed with their Chicken Makhani!!! aaahhh the naan is always so good ~ I prefer the plain : )\n\n... so happy they serve samosas anytime now!!\n\nI haven't found better indian food anywhere in Phoenix.
When i first walked in, i had my doubts. The place smelled like an ashtray and the bartender was yelling at someone. But like they say, dont judge a book by its cover! This small bar has one of the best bar food in vegas and the bartender, Tony, is HILARIOUS!
Luckily the coffee is not good, because I would be 20 pounds heavier if it was. The donuts are delicious and addictive. I would want to come here every day, if they had good coffee.
This place was awesome, we went memorial day weekend twice. Its more of a dive bar. We stayed down the street at one of the hotels and this place was convenient because its open 24 hours. Not only that the food was good. We went at like midnight and drank until 4am laughing and playing music on the music player. Loved that we went in out yoga pants and flip flops and didn't spend a ton of money. Would defiantly go back when I visit Vegas again.
Ive had their strawberry meringue cake here twice. I love its flavour and textures combined and love that its too sweet or hard. The price is decent and I go out of my way to get the cake because you cant get it anywhere else to my knowledge. Be careful if you are ordering any of the other cakes as many include rum inside as an ingredient.
In my limited dim sum experience, this place is pretty good! We were a big group and were able to sample many dishes, all very tasty. I didn't have to worry about ordering, as a the two Cantonese speakers in the group took care of that, but I did notice that the food just kept coming. Some of my past dim sum experience s have felt painfully slow ... not this one! Service was ultra quick. Overall a good time. \n\nAnd for anyone with young kids, they've got the standard issue Ikea high chairs.
Food was ok kinda mediocre lackluster but I was hungry and visiting a new area you have to make do with what's available ok here we go the veggie fried rice was delish as well as The sautéed mushrooms and veggie low mein everything else was stale or just plain ol not appetizing the waitress we were assigned to was great she had a nice sense of humor and had a great spirit if I ever return to the area I might go back here
Had the beef sausage with hot peppers with small fries which cost about $9.\n\nAlthough the portion size was big, I hated how soggy the kaiser roll was. Also, I noticed the hot dog was burnt on both ends which killed hot dog for me. Fries were fresh, but nothing special.
This place is so chill, you get to sit at the bar and watch anime that is projected all over the wall. Bartenders were great too. Lost a star for me because their broth was extremely salty. I've been there twice and it was the same each time... good for consistency though. I live close to here so planning to come back regardless and especially excited for when they open up their japan BBQ!
Came here after a day of shopping at Scarborough a Town Centre. Saw that the food was halal which was plus for me! Ordered the beef Persian kabobs which came with basmati rice and 2 sides. I decided to go with the cucumber salad and steamed broccoli. The portion size was a good amount and reasonable for the price. The kabobs were perfectly cooked however pretty bland and lacking salt. The sides and rice were good but the main part of the meal which was the meat was not appetizing.
We had been craving Mexican food for what seems like forever and I can honestly say I was so incredibly impressed with Playa Cabana!\nStarted out with the chips & salsa and the Tacos de Pulpo (Octopus Taco) and the flavours were out of this world! The Octopus Taco was packed with so much flavour and meat I wanted more instantly!\n\nFor the meal, I decided on the Ancho Braised short Rib Tacos and yum yum yum. I think I was full after the first one but couldn't put them down!\n\nAll in all I can definitely say we'll be returning here. The service was fantastic for a very busy sunday evening, the food was delicious, and the overall ambiance was great.
AWESOME!!! AWESOME!!!!! AWESOME!!!. these donuts are really.. really good! My favorite is the maple bacon donuts. I can eat a whole box all by myself!!!
Positive: My salad was a generous portion, and was good though not at all as described. The corn was also delicious, but a total rip off. The service, once seated, was pleasant and fast and dealt with multiple visa/debit/cash with no problem. The decor is pretty ugly, but it's not too noticeable. \n\nCons: This was extremely over priced for extremely greasy food.  Everyone else's orders were small and way too oily. \n\nTerrible experience with the reservations people as well.\n\nThere are so many other better Mexican restaurants in Toronto. I just would never bother going back.
This place is a battle between love and hate.  The food is good, the service is slow.\n\nI have had a wide sampling of their food and love the pad thai, chicken and brocoli, and even the sushi.  The problem is that it takes forever to get the food.  The most recent example was this evening.  It took an hour to get our food after being seated.  I could understand if the place was packed, but we were seated immediately. \n\nIf you want to try the place, I suggest ordering takeout.  You get the great food without the hassle.
Phenomenal Mexican cuisine. One of the best in Toronto, and probably the best for vegetarians. Wait staff that proactively stated that one of their bean options contains pork. Not very many seats, so reservations are recommended.
Bad bad bad bad. I grew up near the Seattle Gameworks. One of my favorite spots. Good food, great venue, great service, great arcade.  \n\nThe new Townsquare GameWorks is none of those things. This location is an offense to the reputation they've built.\n\nFood: 0/5. It didn't get my sick. That's the absolute best thing I can say about it. The Nachos and Pizza were far, far worse than 7/11. Yes, the pizza you get at 7/11 is leaps and bounds better than what's served at the Town Square GW. The Nachos were better in Middle School. No, I'm not exaggerating. It's edible\n\nService: despite half the restaurant being empty, the server informed us it would be a 20 minute wait. When I pointed out that fact that 2/3 of the restaurant was empty, she told me she was short of servers and just couldn't do it(I've worked in two high end restaurants in my life, and that is pure comedy.) There was one large party, and five other tables. I saw a minimum of five servers. There was enough staff to cover a 50 table restaurant and they made us wait so the servers wouldn't get stuck with more than a couple tables at a time. I talked to the manager who at first seemed to be shocked, then did nothing about it. The server was fairly polite but the host and manager ruined it.\n\nArcade: Decent. Far below the other GWs I've been to.\n\nThere's a reason there was no adult parties here alone. Only kids or parents with their kids. The service is God awful and the food is below gas station fare. The Seattle location is always packed and has more adults than kids. Take a lesson from them. \n\nIf you've ever been to a chuckee cheese in the 90s, think of that, with way worse pizza, 5x more expensive food and gaming, and god awful service.
Excellent pho, especially the broth. Rich and flavorful, well balanced. Spring rolls were very good, nicely wrapped and perfect ratio of fillings. \n\nPretty interior decor, much nicer than some strip mall places. \n\nConvenient location, easy parking.\n\nUnfortunately, the servers lack even basic training. We had to ask (numerous times) for everything - water, a tea refill, sprouts/basil plate that accompanies pho, etc. With practice, they'll improve I am sure. All of the staff was friendly and nice.
Located close to the AGO, this place is on the farther end of Chinatown.  I use to go to Chinatown all the time when I was a kid, but rarely go back, mostly because it's a bit dirty and smelly compared to Markham/Richmond Hill and Mississauga where there are plenty of restaurants and grocery stores.  \n\nHowever, we came here for a get together with old friends from university and there were some definite pros - clean, old school dim sum on the carts (so you never know what you were getting), kid-friendly (a 3 year old and a 6 month old from my friends), and the servers and cart pushers speak English, which was a definite benefit  being the only Chinese person there (so I didn't have to translate everything!).  \n\nIt was 7 of us (8 if you include the infant) and it was just over $80 including tip. Not bad considering we ate huge amounts.  We had the har gow, siu mai, fried squid, noodles, bbq pork bun, egg tarts, fried taro, and a lot more.  The dim sum is average, but it gets the extra star for it's service.  I would visit again.
Great food! \nDrinks are not good and margarita was way too salty.\nBe careful with the bill because:\n- They don't tell you that tips is included (18%)\n- They guy added item multiple time and had to tell him to fix it few times before he got it right.\n- I paid for my bills in cash and he claimed that i didn't and had to look for it again.
We dropped a party of 11 on them, last minute, not too far from closing time and the service was AMAZING. The server was excellent, her suggestions were right-on, and she even offered to take a dish back when she noticed one person in the party was surprised by the spiciness of her dish. This person didn't complain about the dish, the server just noticed the look on her face and offered to take it back. \n\nZeeeeee food: so good. SO. GOOD. \n\nI would give this place 5 stars, but I did not have a chance to have any appetizers and rate them with the whole meal, so it's my fault. I will just have to go back and edit my review. \n\n-----fin-----
Best Mexican food I've ever had! I always get the grilled fish tacos, they are amazing! So delicious and so refreshing at the same time! The service is always impeccable! I love the staff almost as much as I love the food!
The cashier was so nice, he was making recommendations of his favorites, and telling us which combos were the best deals :) Nice kid who likes his job!
This is a perfect "dive bar." Service was slow but, drinks are priced well and food was amazing - so, we didn't mind at all. I'd come if you have time to site and enjoy the people watching and atmosphere!
The Vindaroo and Naan were exceptional. Good portions. It appears they need more servers as it seemed chaotic.  Or maybe a bartender.
This place is amazing. 7.99 for the buffet lunch and I wasn't even able to sample everything before I was full. They have a wide variety of foods for everyone. The place looks immaculate. Their sanitation rating is 95 which is damn good. I love the way they did their Crab Rangoon with the honey in it. So good. There were a couple things I didn't think tasted that good, but they were very fresh so no issues there. They have a Hibachi grill that looks amazing and a very extensive sushi bar for all your sushi needs. They have everything you could possibly want and more and I will for sure be coming back here often.\n\nIf you're looking for an affordable Chinese buffet in Gastonia... I wouldn't even bother with anywhere else. This place is heaven for the Chinese food fanatic.
My review was removed by Yelp (presumably by mgmt complaint) because I didn't provide enough detail.  So I'm rewriting my review, per the "yelp community" request.\n\nI've been here before and the service on the restaurant side is less than desirable.  My most recent visit started of course walking to the front to be seated even though the tables are empty.  I was seated at a booth and there were crumbs.  As though the table was wiped down but some debris was left behind.  Adjacent to my booth was another booth with dirty plates/drinks etc. (like everyone placed the dirty dishes at one table to gather together).  Waitress proceeded to "handle" the dirty dishes then bring me water.  Didn't see her wash her hands, but she may have.\n\nFood comes (not too long of a wait) and it's missing some stuff.  No biggy, just said hey, missing this and this.  I would of told the guy who delivered the food but he said "food" left the tray on the table and quickly left.\n\nKeep in mind I'm still missing stuff from my food, the waitress has been told, then she goes to other tables.  Kind of hard to eat my salad without dressing.  I wait and get it, no big deal.\n\nFood was ok, depending on what you get.  Better off eating elsewhere then going here to play games (assuming you have kids like me)\n\nHappy Yelp community?!?!?! Lol
FAKE INDIAN FOOD, BLAN AS BREAD, WAAY OVER PRICED AND ABSOLUTELY the WORSTTTTTT Indian food I've ever had in my life. LET ME EXPLAIN- I got the butter chicken bowl which included rice, channa masala and butter chicken. Which all sounds like a pretty good deal for $11 right? Maybe if it included something more because the portion was tiny!!! It was the size of a to-go soup take out bowl. if they're gonna make it so expensive at least include naan or a drink or SOMETHING. \nAnd that's not even the end of it- if you are looking for authentic Indian food DO NOT eat here. sweet chilly heat Doritos is spicier than Amaya's food. I never thought I'd see the day I'd try blan Indian food, but congrats Amaya, you made it happen. BLAN AS BREAD. \n\nAll in all it's fake Indian food that's wayyyy over priced for a fricken fast food restaurant.  If I could give this place a 0/10 I would
Chico's always on his game. No idea how you keep cheerful with us crazy drunks. Actually the place isn't crazy but a fun neighborhood bar with good food and non rip off drinks.  I like that when you walk in you don't feel gawked at like some small bars tend to do.  Staff is friendly too.
Dont drive by without stopping.  Support Kevin and the lovely crew running this great, much-needed place.  Daily specials, one of very few places you can walk in and walk out of.\n\nI second the jerk chicken and chicken curry. The warm fried things in the window mmmmmmm.  Cash only.
Came back for lunch again, food is still as amazing as I remembered from last time. \n\nI'ved tried couple other Mexican places in Toronto since my last visit but I will always come back here. Amazing portions leaving me full and satisfied.\n\nShout out to the Dos Berries drink. 11/10
Service here was honestly pretty bad. We had to ask at least 10 times (that's right, 10 times) for some chili oil and soy sauce. When they finally brought it out, they brought it out in a small sauce plate. Not even a bottle of either one. One of our server's got upset at us because we ordered our dim sum wrong even though we weren't given clear instructions on how to order. It was almost as if our food wasn't cared about. It took them quite a long time to bring our food out and the server's never really checked on our table or answered our requests until like the fifth time we asked them. And it wasn't like this place was busy. This place had like 5 other tables filled and we were the biggest party (13 people). They also forgot to bring out a bunch of food items we ordered. Service was probably the worst part of this place.\n\nFood here was like any other regular dim sum, nothing special. It wasn't worth the wait though. If I had to say what my favorite menu item was though, I'd probably say the deep fried shrimp roll (#34).\n\nWouldn't really recommend this place. Either go somewhere else in the downtown Toronto area or another restaurant in Chinatown.
I like this place. By FAR the best deal is the Hot Dog (Phoenix or Carolina style) for $6 which comes on the same huge pretzel bun as the burger and comes with excellent truffle fries.\n\nThe wedge ($6) is very small.
Just passing through the area and wanting some Indian food, we were very pleased with our choices. We ate family style and ordered the chicken and lamb vindaloo, a chicken tikka masala and coconut chicken. We also ordered the keema naan, a garlic naan and the potato naan. The potato naan was A-MAZ-ING!! The green chutney and the lemon one (in the chutney trio they put on the table) were also very good and complimented the dishes very well. I've had better chicken tikka before, but the food here was very good and we enjoyed it! I recommend!
Went there Sat. eve for dinner.  I had the Lasagna, my wife had a dish:  pasta stuffed with angel hair and eggplant.  Our son had the Alfredo Fetticini (Sp.?).  Everyone Loved everything.  Wife's dish was out of sight.  Mine was probably the third best lasagna I have ever had.  Pizzas looked good too.\n\nService was great.  Everyone there is out to help you, make you feel at home, and do whatever needs to be done.  This is a VERY warm and friendly place.  We will definitely go back.\nHudson & Filiz H.
This might have been my worst experience at a Red Lobster. It was pretty bad. We sat at the bar and I watched the bartender struggle to keep up on a very slow night. I watched her make a customers drink wrong. It was a martini...she made it in a rocks glass with a ton of ice. About 6 minutes later the customer was able to get her attention to let the bartender know she wanted it in a martini glass without ice. The bartender took the glass poured in a shaker and poured the now super watered down drink into a martini glass. The bartended should have known by the look of dissatisfaction on the customers face that she was not happy. She should've just remade that drink. \n\nI watched her place her hands on the inside of every glass she grabbed. Granted she probably washed them but it still wasn't necessary to finger fudge everyone's glasses. \n\nThe food was quite mediocre. Salmon was over cooked. The highlight of the meal was the whipped sweet potatoes. My fiancée has made the decree that Red Lobster is now on the list of places we will never return to. It's bad that when I leave Red Lobster and finish paying the $80 check I wished that I would have went next door to the Hooters. \n\nDamn...now I want wings.
YUM, YUM, GIMME SOME.  I've had this place bookmarked on Yelp for awhile.  Usually when that happens, my expectations are so high that I end up disappointed.  Not this time!\n\nI met a friend for dinner and we stopped by Duck Donuts on the way to our painting class.  I may have been so excited I started jumping up & down.  \n\nWe were in a hurry, there was no line luckily at 6pm on a Friday.  The donuts were made fresh and quickly! \n\nI like my donuts simple, so I ordered Cinnamon Sugar and Glazed.  Both were perfection!!!!!!  And I mean I'll be dreaming about them until I am able to go back.  Warm, melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness. \n\nThe service at the shop was prompt & friendly. \n\nYou will not be disappointed with these yummy donuts!  Enjoy!
An adult chuckie cheese in my eyes, there is always a special deal during the week. Lots of prizes and games. Great place to go and have fun and hang out.
Small jewel in the heart of Againcourt. Came in at 12pm on a Sunday - long weekend. Place was packed but didn't have to wait for a table. Prices are great for the portion sizes. Three adults and a child we had three breakfast orders and gave the little one pancakes from one of the meals. No one at our table was able to finish our food. Next time shareable orders.
Excellent up-scale Italian food.  Not what Mama used to make, but very tasty, well presented, and very satisfying.
Food is delicious, waiting for the food took a while but it was during the superhero day so it was pretty busy. I wanna come here during Sunday brunch!
In an earlier review of another dim sum restaurant in the Spadina, I said "where can you find $2.00 a dish dim sum anymore"?\n\nWell it appears we have discovered another one! And this time - it's better than the other restaurant I reviewed before!\n\nQuality and quantity is better here. Fried shrimp dumplings - at the other place you get 3 small ones. Here? 4 large ones. Ha gow? Better here. There's also more selection it seems. \n\nIt's less busy as the other place, but we also arrived a bit later than our normal dim sum time. The place marginally more decorative - with the seat covers and fancy table cloth, but both were stained with old sauces and food. \n\nWill visit again. Hopefully the linens are cleaner.
Waitress we had was rudeeeeeeeee! She was rude when we got in, rude when we ordered, rude when she brought our food, rude when we told her she forgot one of our sides and rude when we asked for the bill.\n\nI went with a small group.  Food was just okay. It's pretty hard to screw up breakfast, but it happened. One person in my group ordered a sandwich. Disappointed - thoroughly. Bits of small chicken pieces which fell out every time they a bite of the sandwich.  Barely toasted bread, which was also soggy from the chicken that was probably sitting in the sandwich and waiting for the slow waitress to pick it up. Pancakes were forgotten by the waitress. When they came they were not hot, not surprisingly.  Home fries were soggy. \n\nWon't be coming back again.
Having been Starwood Platinum for the last few years, I can say that this Sheraton is above average.  My accommodations were recently renovated, comfortable, clean and quiet.  The club lounge was fine - I honestly didn't think it was remarkable one or another as compared to other reviews - the mere fact that there was a clubs level was very nice.\n\nGreat value adds in the lobby were the huge bowls of Hershey kisses and miniatures as well as the spa water.  The hotel was excellent for both business and pleasure.  I would stay again and would recommend it highly.
The room was beautiful and clean but loud. The smoke alarm was chirping when we arrived and we had to wait to have it repaired. \n\nThe walls were very thin and we heard every word said outside our room. \n\nThere was a party in the club when we arrived and lots of activity going on in the hall and lobby in the morning. \n\nThe elevator was near our room and we had to listen to the mechanical sounds ALL NIGHT long.
I am only reviewing the arcade as I haven't tried the restaurant or bowling. Alot of arcades seem to be taking that approach these days (i.e. Round 1, KDB, Latitude 39). I came here for a Smash 4 Tournament and tried the arcade out between my sets.\nThe game selection is small like many reviewers already stated, but the games they do have work well. They even have a Pump It Up Infinity that works amazingly well. I would like to see more Japanese games out here like Beatmania and Pop n' Music since the Gemini arcade palace closed. Overall, Gameworks Las Vegas is a small, underrated arcade that deserves more positive attention than it is getting.
Their website states they are open on weekends pretty much all day. So my husband called to get us a reservation because for some absurd reason you need a reservation to use their groupon. \n\nThey didn't answer so he thought they were busy and called back. Eventually someone picked up and made him a reservation.\n\nWe showed up on time and the first thing out of the waitstaff's mouth was "So are you the guy who called 17 times?" Um I don't think it was 17 times but yeah sure, guilty. The thing was that the asshole was relentless. Embarrassing us in front of the other customers. We tried to explain that the website AND the voice mail gave us incorrect information but the guy Paolo still ended up blaming us by saying "you should have left a voice mail" and "Everyone was sleeping and finally someone woke up to answer roe you." He didn't even apologize and definitely made us feel like we were at fault. If he would have taken ownership of the issue it would have been a lot different. I could take the first snide comment and let it roll, but he wouldn't come off it nor apologize. Then we thought hey if they are mad that we woke the cooks up then maybe they'll mess with our food or something.\n\nWe felt so embarrassed and ridiculed and everyone was staring at us so we just left. I work hard for my money. I'm not going to spend it on assholes when there are so many other delicious restaurants to choose from.
EXCELLENT !!   This was my first visit to a Firehouse Subs and I doubt I will ever go to a Subway again.  This is actually REAL meat and REAL cheese with GREAT customer service.\n\nDylan realized quickly, and confirmed by asking, that it was my first visit and took extra time to explain the sandwiches, the menu, and the condiments.  \n\nI thoroughly enjoyed the sandwich and will be back for sure!  Friendly employees all the way around !!
Very charming cafe with excellent food that fits its name. The portion was perfect and the service impeccable. Price is also right. I had "where's the beef" wrap which was mouthwatering. Will definitely come back.
Food was FANTASTIC!! A+.....as for the Service D-.  There where 2 waiters, still service was slow.  Both waiters where rude and condescending.  Also, no kidding Yelpers but this placed smelled like Butt,  I mean it stunk.  We thought maybe when we where seated away from the lobby it would not be so bad, but it was.  I will still eat at Olive Garden Restaurants because their food is GREAT, just not at this location.  This place Blows!!!
My hubby and I eat here every Saturday night and I am waiting for him here right now! The food is delicious and I especially like the seafood items. I do get nervous in the buffet line because other customers and staff are overcrowding me . I need space to move so I can fill up my plate with more food than I can possibly eat!  I love the new building especially the water wall that is so mesmerizing! I look forward to Saturday night so we can eat at Dynasty Buffet again!
Excellent!\n\nJ'y suis allé deux fois et j'ai simplement adoré.\n\nLa deuxième fois c'était lors d'une sortie cabane à sucre du bureau et les commentaires étaient excellents.
Have never been there, but have had the doughnuts at work several times.  They are the best I've tasted in town by far.  I've never been a huge fan of Dunkin's soulless donuts and these put them to shame.
We've been there for dinner couple of time with a group of friends and every time its a win.  The food is great, the atmosphere is very cool, the booze is there, customer service is phenomenal and overall its a great place to have catch-up dinners with your besties.
Another one bites the dust.  They have just changed ownership yet again; but this time might finally do them in.  Our beloved sushi spot with the freshest salmon and tuna in town is now a *gasp* Vietnamese restaurant! They were smart to keep a few of the old Red Koi house rolls: Alaska, ASU, Tootsie... But they were wildly different in taste, freshness and preparation.  The menu was not appetizing; and everything is fried twice or swimming in a funky greasy sauce.  Shame.  We will just stop going here and stick with our 2nd favorite, Osaka, up on Baseline. And finally, I am writing this sad review from my WC.  If that is any indication... Never again!!
Our server looked like she hated her job. But maybe that's a breath of fresh air from all the servers who act fake.\n\nFood took a while to arrive. But it was busy so that's understandable.\n\nOmelette I ordered was very dry and unenjoyable. This is the main reason I'm giving 3 stars.\n\nThe poutine was okay. They have some unique choices which is a plus.\n\nI've been here a few times over the years but the most recent visit reminded my why I stopped going here.
Yummy sushi in a clean atmosphere. I hope this place makes it because we need good sushi on the east side. Love their salad dressing too!
I'm hovering around a 3.8 - 4.0 after eating here.  Service was good only because the managers were hanging around the door where they have the small 1-2 people tables. Also their frying station, bussing/takeout/ hub area (?) was in the same area. \n\nHa gow wrappers were moist thin & looked beautiful with visible pieces of real (whole large size shrimp) but entire dumpling was bland. No condiments on table like hot pepper paste or soy sauce which would've elevated this dumpling to phenomenal. It was so delicious & I would say perfectly seasoned when consumed cold (which I did with my leftovers later than evening) which is truly how one are supposedly able to tell if food is prepared well with the proper amount of seasonings\n\nSteamed/boiled sowpea greens are good with the dipping sauce provided. \n\nShrimp cheung fun & pork cheung fun tasted soft & freshly made.  Their soy sauce dressing was lighter (barely a light caramel soy sauce color) than I was used to in the NE USA corridor\n\nLow baat guo (fried radish cakes) were okay.  The radish chunks were signify larger & somewhat tougher than I am used to. They were well charred but not crispy which was sad.  Again no dipping sauce was provided but they were really accommodating when asked (after they tried to tell me it doesn't need any sauces, they may have been correct on this one)\n\nSiu mai were plumb, full of shrimp & pork/beef topped with a little red goji berry which added some herbal goodness & pop of color. \n\nThe fu pei guen (steamed tofu roll) was what i say around waiting on & was sadly disappointed.  These rolls usually have meat & bamboo (maybe other junk like mushrooms,  water chestnuts etc) wrapped in a bean curd sheet. They made theirs with no bamboo but instead was like a pot pie with carrot, peas and celery... to say that my wait was disappointing was an understatement & severely impacted their rating.  \n\nThe ho fun was kinda disappointing.  Was more like thin ho fun with uneven soy sauce seasoning.  I could do better at home...\n\nI was seated for a small table out of the carts' way.  70% made sure they were attentive to guests waving at them & came over to the small group area, but not the case with the popular items like hong gaow (chicken feet), rib tips,  etc. Akron to be fair,  after the first 2 times I did that,  they did come over if they saw me raise/wave  my arm.  This helped uplift their rating in my mind. \n\nI was also disappointed by the small selection of steamed cart dim sum. There were like 6 items available.   I didn't see tripe, short ribs, chive dumplings. I had to stop one of the managers & ask for my fu pei guen because they just don't have it available on their carts.  Another uplift to their rating? Attentive waiters who filled my water glass.\n\n\nI've already recommended Dim Sum King to a friendly lady stranger I met who have been to another place like 10 doors down and tried to tell me about them,  but didn't know about Dim Sum King which had all day 9a - 9p $2.80 (s,m,l sizes) dim sum Monday though Fridays.
Everything I put on my plate was simply delicious.   The service was impeccable.  It was a Sunday and they were slammed packed.
This place used to be amazing. Originally, I gave it 5 stars, which is rare for me. Unfortunately, the past few times I've eaten there it seems to have suffered the fate most buffets do. Something has drastically changed and everything was bland, plain, with all the deep fried foods tasting exactly the same; like cheap, plain fried batter. Obviously, someone decided they could make more money if they started using cheaper, lower quality food from their food supply company. It's a shame, but I would no longer recommend this place. There are much better Chinese buffets out there.
I was so pleasantly surprised to find these jewel . I was so happy with our salad and pizza. I felt like we were in Rome. The authentic food and personnel added a touch of genuine Italian dinning to our neighborhood.
First time , great atmosphere, hostess was very friendly, waitress was exceptional. \nEverything we ordered was amazing  \nno complaints. From the chips and guacamole to the custom ordered tacos everything was spot on.
The donuts are amazing! The best toppings and glazes. The Donuts are made fresh and to order. Even though it's busy, we usually get out of there within 5-10 minutes. The only thing I would ask them to work on would be the drink selection. They have milk, juices, water and coffee. The coffee is served black and you put in your own cream and sugar. I think they could integrate flavored coffees or put out flavored creamer. But still, 100 times better than any other donut shop in Charlotte!
Food was OK...just OK.  Service was miserable.  My wife ordered a Portobello burger that was inedible.  Probably won't go back.
Great Vietnamese food at super reasonable price with great service. New fave. Highly recommend :)
Very tasty! Peking duck was awesome and I love their service. We had our MID AUTUM FESTIVAL here.
My husband and I wanted to give our kids one last day of fun before school started back up again so we decided to treat them to a day of fun at Gameworks.    \nAs we walked in we were greeted by an adorable young lady who explained the different options for purchasing game cards for the children to use to play the games.  I'm not sure which "package" my husband purchased but it was the perfect amount for keeping the kids happy and busy for a few hours!  I don't remember the last time my kids had this much fun.  After an hour and a half or so we decided to sit down and grab a bite to eat.  The kids each got a cheeseburger and fries and my husband and I shared a couple of flatbread pizzas.  We were VERY impressed with the quality of the food we received.  Our server, I can't remember her name, was an absolute doll.  The food came out quickly and hot.  We will definitely be back to try more of the menu items in the future.  A manager even stopped by to make sure we were enjoying our visit.\n\nAll in all, it was a fantastic experience for my husband and I as well as our kids who have been begging to go back since we left.  Thanks Gameworks!
This is my favorite of the Squirrel Hill pizza shops. You can get a quick slice and pick up a 6 pack as well
We have been here a few times and the food is always good but the service is totally dependent on whether or not the owner is in the room. If he is walking around the dining room the service is good. If not, good luck getting any food.
The restaurant has a great location and nice ambiance. However, the food, especially the main dish - chicken tikka masala turned out to be quite bland. The chicken was dry and the curry lacked flavor. I have had way better curry at less expensive indian restaurants.
Great patio seating! Located in...I think its called East York.  They have 2 upper floors for patio seating.  Cool spot if you're not looking to go downtown.  Loved their variety on the menu.  We had a business luncheon and ordered a few different types if tacos, a salad, chips, pico de gallo and guac.  I really liked the guac.  Tacos were soggy and falling apart tho with the liquid sitting on the platter.  Unfortunately I didn't have any drinks as it was a work meeting.  Maybe next time! Definitely gonna check out the dinner scene before i decide on my final 3 star rating of the place. Street parking (not really my liking)
Casual atmosphere and dining. Great customer service. Food was delicious and portions sizes were perfect. Not too spendy for a family of 5. Excellent first impression! Highly recommend!
The most delicious donuts ever!!!! Made fresh right in front of you! Try the Reese's, Almond Joy, and French Toast!!
I came to this Hero Burger to get a fill-up after a game downtown and frankly, will pick somewhere else.\nFirst off, for a place that's absolutely and probably predictably packed, I expect to see more than one person at the counter. Second, if there's only one person standing at that counter, they best be crazy good at the job. This guy was not.\n\nThe line up to order food moved slowly because the guy at the counter was clueless, and the packed place had to have had at least a half dozen people waiting in line to collect their food, never mind ordering and paying for it, all glaring at the lucky ones who managed to masterfully acquire a table through what must have been some kind of magic.\n\nAfter a good 20-30 minutes- ridiculous by fast food standards, no?- of waiting to get a grilled chicken burg, this thing was dry. The bun eclipsed the chicken, the topics were nothing to write home about although not terrible, and I was wondering where on earth my money went. It wasn't the onion rings- tiny portion and I'm pretty sure they charged extra to change from fries- nor was it the beverage, a serve-yourself fountain machine that probably costs under a quarter per fill.\n\nIt's unfortunate this place found an ideal location; it's a license to print money. I won't return.
Went there last night to have a few drinks before a movie. Bartender was very unfriendly. (Girl with blue streaks in her hair) Didn't make us feel welcome, she seemed put out if we asked her anything, and just gave bad vibes all around. She was also slamming cabinets and drawers, seems as if she dragged her body along. Someone working in the hospitality industry shouldn't be so miserable. Makes you wonder about management as well. There's tons of bars in this city! Will not be back
It's good, but not great. Definitely not a cheap meal, if you splurge and order a tea or soft drink, you are looking at $12 for lunch. \n\nThe hibachi is popular, I didn't see many lining up for sushi. The buffet is a different story. I like the way the tables are laid out, even when they are crowded, there is enough room to walk around the tables. \n\nSo what's good? If you like chicken, the fajita is really good. The fried wings are good too, the drumettes are meaty and tasty. The s&p calamari is good if you get them fresh from the kitchen. I don't eat rice, but they have several to choose from. The selection on the weekend was different than what I saw on a weekday, and the meal was $2 more on Saturday. Otherwise, looked like the standard Chinese buffet offerings. If you can pack the food away (not in a doggy bag lol), probably a good choice if you are in the University area.
I truly enjoyed my Memorial Day lunch here with the family. Came to the Spring Preserve butterfly exhibit and had lunch at Divine Cafe don't forget to check in I did you get a free drink! ;( next time! The view is amazing and the dinning room is huge. Very beautiful eating spot with a ginormous wrap around out door patio with lots of tables and chairs to eat  outside. \n\nThe brisket sandwich was delicious in nice toasty pretzel bun and yummy bacon and crispy onions strips. The side season fries were perfect. My wife got the medium rare burger and it was juicy and yummy! The Cracker jack popcorn with candied pecans was really good and a sweet treat to end the meal. I really like the strawberry, lemon and mint infused water which is free of charge. \n\nAll in all very good place to eat I definitely come back eat here again fairly priced, flavorful food, great view and atmosphere and the service is super friendly!
Wide selections of tea including caffeine-free teas. They also offer lots of vegan choices. \n\nThe atmosphere is very relaxed and bohemian-like, great place to hang out with friends or read a book for an entire afternoon. People who work here are always patient and nice.
Playa Cabana\nDining Experience: Dinner\nSpecialty: Mexican\nMenu items: Tacos de Pulpo, Tacos de Choriqueso, Tacos al Pastor & Churros\n\nPlaya Cabana's best kept secret is not its decor, a menu item or even a specialty tequila...their secret has a name, and that name is Mireya.\n\nMireya is the master-mind behind most concoctions at Playa Cabana. Her experience in Mexican cuisine roots from her own roots bringing to Toronto's Mexican food lovers some of the most tasting and authentic recipes.\n\nI came to know of Playa Cabana through word of mouth. Having opened over a year ago, I was perplexed to have just heard about this place. Maybe my journalism know-how needs some polishing, or maybe its popularity just recently increased with the overwhelming opening of taco joints this year in Toronto, such as La Carnita. Either way, I was, and still am, extremely happy to have visited Playa Cabana and especially, to have tasted Mireya's precious treats.\n\nSpeaking of treats, why not start by describing the insanely-good Pulpo Tacos.\nPulpo means "octopus" in Spanish. The Octo-Taco, as Playa Cabana calls is it, is served with the full octopus tentacle, perfectly seasoned and cooked, with a rather smooth texture and is served on a bed of charred jalapeno salsa. But that is not all that comes with it, there is also visible pieces of corn, a small drop of guacamole and what looked like a grilled cherry tomato drizzled with cilantro. Though the Chef was not able to share the ingredients with me, I could very easily understand why - these tacos are unique and so are the recipes.\n\nThe freshly-made corn tortillas are something worth a mention as they are made on the premises with corn and water. The "tortillera", meaning the woman that makes the tortillas (not Mireya), has her own station at the back of the restaurant, where she smiles as guests pass by while she makes what looks like thousands of tortillas in one night.\n\nAsides from the tortillas, all salsas are also made fresh, with ingredients that never come from a can or bottle, and are locally sourced.\n\nLike the Tacos de Chori-Queso, a homemade Mexican chorizo wrapped with Oaxaca cheese, griddle in corn tortillas. The sauce is subtle and is mostly mixed with the juice goodness flowing from the chorizo. This taco drips with flavour and punch and has a nice crunchy texture.\n\nThe famous Tacos al Pastor, which are Mexico's staple taco, are my favourite and apparently a crowd favorite at Playa Cabana. Pastor tacos are adobo-marinated pork roasted on a Trompo (spit) with pineapple. Adobo is mostly known as a way of seasoning meat to preserve it. Usually made out of paprika, oregano, salt, pepper and vinegar, adobo ensures the meat flavour is locked in while the meat rotates on the spit. Playa Cabana's version of adobo is slightly different, adding a bit of chili pepper flavour, and of course pineapple, with a Mexican je ne sais quoi. The tacos are served on soft tortillas topped with diced red onion and cilantro and packed with the marinated pork which is succulent and tender...the star of the dish.\n\nOn the sweet side of things, Playa Cabana's churros where delectably served with a home-made dulce de leche, topped with whipped cream and cinnamon powder.\n\nThe ducle de leche, also known as caramel made with goats milk, tasted instinctively fresh. It was as though I was savouring a slightly sweet goats milk, so good. The churro was crunchy, but a bit too chewy, almost undercooked on the inside. I am not certain if that was the intention, but it definitely felt like it. \n\nMireya's keen affinity for flavour, texture and tradition has made Playa Cabana one of my favourite Mexican restaurants in the city. Wherever she goes, I will go.\n\nBuen Provecho,\nViviana.
My favorite fast food restaurant for my French fries needs! Quick and great customer service. They are in a busy intersection so it is usually a busy drive-thru, but the wait is never long. Food wise it's what one expects of a typical McDonald's.
Food was amazing but the service sucked. It took 20 minutes just to get our check after we were done eating and had already had to go boxes. Waitress was too interested in flirting with men at the bar then serving her customers. Would have given a lower rating but the food was good.  And we were the only people in the restaurant besides the man at the bar. Just hope you don't get the blonde tan woman who never actually gave us her name.
Very friendly server but unable to overlook the well done burger I was served after ordering it medium.  A burger place should be able to get that part right. My daughter's medium-well burger was cooked to the same burnt on the outside, dry as dirt inside consistency. Truffle fries were delicious hence the two stars.
Great food. Portions are always generous to large. Prices are very reasonable, and kids eat for .99 on Saturday and Monday. I've never had a bad dish, and family/friends always look forward to visiting Red Bowl when they visit. I strong recommendation for Red Bowl!
We had been looking for a good Mexican restaurant for quite a while when we turned the corner to see Playa Cabana. We were fortunate enough to be there on the opening weekend and were treated like family. The owner spent time with us explaining his vision and sharing his stories. \n\nWe have been back several times and the chorizo never disappoints! Good service. Fun atmosphere. Tables a little tight but adds to the fun.
Everyone swears by this place. Unfortunately it's dirty. Mimosa came with some bubbling black item in the glass. Then my plate had black debris on it also so I decided not to eat. Then when my party ordered and I said I would pass the big ass waitress rolled her eyes and gave me an attitude as if I did something wrong. She needs some manners or a good old fashioned ass kicking. Either way they just lost 6 customers for good. No food is worth eating if on dirty dishes and no place is worth going if the staff is rude.
Excellent food and value, but service can be a bit flaky, especially late in the evening...
Just a very comfortable and friendly neighbourhood bar that has bartender's without attitudes and food and drinks at the upper end of quality and value!
A review of the new Cheese Filled Soffatelli....\n\nOlive Garden is my grandpa's favorite place because we can take the whole family, even my vegetarian niece, and everyone can find SOMETHING to eat.(to eat, not to love, but to eat).  Yesterday, I tried their new Cheese Filled Soffatelli with Chicken.  I had two bites and was done.  It may have been the breadsticks, or the fried cheese & ravioli (cheese=good, ravioli=dry) but I couldn't stomach that much lead. \n\nI thought there would be on a bed of spinach and diced tomatoes...nope.  Its a fried piece of greasy chicken smothered in white cheeze-wiz sauce with tiny bits of spinach.  It was so greasy and heavy it made me sick to my stomach before it even made it there.  The stuffed pastries were even worse with an overly flavored cheese stuffing that hung in your stomach like lead.  I strongly suggest something (anything) else.  May I recommend the Apricot chicken or mixed grill?
Three-star for the food, but one added star for the wide variety and cheap price.\n\nEvery dimsum item you can ever dream of is available here - which makes this place very very authentic. Unfortunately, the slowness of the push carts and the lack of changes in their route rendered us mostly foodless and impatient. At the end we just called one of the hosts over and ordered it.\n\nIt seems like there are more food available after 1pm for dimsum than at 11am...\n\nWe ordered about 12 dishes and the total was approximately $50 for four people, which is incredibly cheap since we were all really full.\n\nThe place is full of old Asian people--like 70s and 80s, so you know you have entered a real hk dimsum restaurant.
Ok so I've been here many times but today they rocked. My friend and I sat at the bar and the service is so off the chain I stopped eating to write this!  My food is hot and everything tastes great!
Came here with my family last Friday night to celebrate my niece's birthday.   It's been a long time since we had dinner here.  The place felt very warm as we walk into the restaurant with the bar area on one side that is partition very well from the main the dining room.  With 8 of us, its always hard to find a place with a variety of dishes to choose from.  Fraticelli's definitely has a big selection of pasta, pizza, ravioli and steak.  Unfortunately my sister was looking forward to ordering the lobster ravioli as it was on the website but it was not available at this location (maybe not in season).\n\nMy daughter got the mushroom ravioli which she said it was delicious.  My husband steak pizza with fried onion was also very good.  My top sirloin wasn't as tasty as I had hope.  Everything else that my family ordered was just okay.   Our server was very attentive and overall we enjoyed our evening.
Tourist trap! \n\nSuperb location and nice settings. Food is barely OK, and service is very amateur. The tartare had been "proceed" to finely, a long time ago. There are now good alternative around there. OK for a drink outdoors and the fried calamari is decent. Walk a block around for your meal.
I use to think all pho was the same, until I found Pho linh! The service is quick, the broth is amazing! I've tried the vermacelli as well, just as delicious. And don't forget the spring rolls.
Based off the reviews i was expecting this place to be a hidden gem. At best it was average, and by average i mean extremly mediocre food that wasn't overly authentic. The prices are reasonable, but i guess you get what you pay for.\n\nThe tortilla tasted store bought, we heard them heating up our beans in a microwave and the rice had absolutely no flavor nor aroma. The tacos were OK but nothing you'd run home and tell your friends about.\n\nThis quaint looking restaurant can pass you by if you blink too quickly. It seats about 10-12 people, so if you're a big group I'd cross this place off your list.\n\nWould i go back? Probably not.
The food was very good and the staff very friendly. The restaurant doesn't look the nicest but the quality of the food made up for it.
Loving the donuts at Duck Donuts!! So many to choose from. First time here going to have to visit again.
Exotic-sounding name -- Check\nCuisine-specific buzzwords like "panko" and "omakase" -- Check\nPaper lamp decor -- Check\nAnything even remotely resembling a bowl of ramen -- No. HELL no.\n\nAsked for their namesake sake/nihonshu but they were all out of it.\n\nWas excited to try some newly introduced Cleveland-area ramen, but the Herbivore "ramen" was a horrifying $7 joke of a meal. A clump of something-noodles in a cereal bowl of pure Kikkoman soy sauce and 5 chunks of assorted mixed vegetables? Who are you kidding, Yuzu?  Really the only palatable item in the swirling salty miasma of darkness was the soft boiled egg. One star for the really pleasant and attentive server and creative drink menu.
They really changed this place around.  It's an open environment.  Made to look like a man cave.  Food was tasty and decently priced
Food is ok (not as good as Rol San), but literally every single time we come here, we get ripped off. I am 99% certain they adding things to our tab that we didn't have and overcharging us for things we did have. I came here recently during lunch to try the "all dim sum for $2.80" daytime special. Because it took so long to get a menu (servers are overworked and will often ignore you if you are alone and/or don't speak Chinese) I became super hungry and just took the first thing I was offered off a trolley. Guess what my bill was for one TsingTao beer and one item of dim sum (five pieces of shrimp paste in chili pepper)? Almost $14. Unbelievable. $6 for a TsingTao is a joke when they cost $1.70 at the LCBO, even for Toronto where booze markups are ridiculous. And mysteriously, the one dish I ordered was considered to be "Extra Large" (even though it was barely the size of a small appetizer) so it was "exempt" from the $2.80 deal and I was charged full price. For the same amount of money, at Pho Hung just up the road on Spadina Ave, $14 gets you a huge bowl of noodle soup, a beer, AND spring rolls. I won't be back.
College and Dufferin c'est le 2e quartier viet à Toronto après College et Spadina.\nLa restauration ici est très bonne et le service rapide comme tout resto viet qui se respecte.\nLe classique phô est tjs aussi bon.\nUn bémol? A 21h en semaine il remballe déjà, pas l'endroit idéal pour manger son phô après 21h donc.....\n\n\n// College and Dufferin is the second vietnamese district in TO after College and Spadina.\nThe food here is very good and service is very quick as any vietnamese restaurant.\nGo for the classic phô.\nOne bad thing? At 9pm they already cleaning the place so this is not the good spot to have a late night phô.
The food here is typical KFC. But DO NoT expect to get what you ordered. I've been here at least 5 times in the last 3 months, and the service gets worse each time I come in. Today I was the 3rd in line, finally after about 4 mins a employee dude comes in the door fully dressed in uniform with a headset on. He meanders to the counter to take an order, fills it slowly and then disappears. While this is happening employee girl comes in this half her clothes in her hands... i didn't think much of that until now. Dang... was dude and gal really in the lot.  Oh God maybe that's why the couple in front of me actually left. They were saying the one another how horrible the service was and commented that one of the girls was in the back eating chicken.\nFinally my turn.... employee #3 comes out of nowhere now with headset on and looks for 1 and 2 kinda shrugs and says well I guess I can help you.\nWhat a zoo!\nI got my order correct today only because I reminded #3 to give me grilled as she reached for extra crispy. Sigh. To top it all off when i opened my potatoes it was over filled with more gravy than potatoes and it got all over my shirt and ruined it.\nBottom line... don't bother going here unless you really hate Taco Bell and McDonald's and its the only choice left at this exit. Better yet... the food at BP would probably be better and safer to eat. At least you know for sure you won't have nasty "car hands" making your food from employees doing God knows what in the parking lot.
I go here quite a bit and I don't think I've ever been disappointed. Good Service, not perfect but they will try and make up for it if they screw up. I love the subs. I take the kids there every now and again and have them split a sub since they don't eat that much so I get a real good value and a great meal. \nI love their theme and what they stand for. \nI also like it when you walk in and they yell WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE
Luke's is really good.  Been here twice and really enjoy the classic beef sandwich with hot and sweet peppers.\n\nThis place is definitely worth a try.  The fries are good too.
There's a certain point in southeast Uptown where the restaurants start becoming few and far between.  The Showmars at the Government Center pretty much has a captive market due to it's location and lack of restaurants surrounding.  I came during an off lunch time, but you can see the remains of the lunch crowd that pretty much destroys the restaurant (figuratively speaking).  You walk in, and there is a sign that explicitly says to form 3 lines and the cashiers will call you went its your turn.\n\nIf you are walking to the building, you will have to go through metal detectors since the building is a secure location.  It's a little strange to feel like you need to go through security just to go to a restaurant, but hey, I get it.\n\nTypical Showmars menu here...   items are made to order and are quickly to you after they give you a number tent and you find a table.  Since I came after the lunch rush the staff had closed of some table sections to clean, it was a little awkward when you got "fenced in" but easy enough to move a chair to go get a drink refill.
For all the running I do, I usually find ways to "treat myself".... after all, this kid has got to eat sometime...  Donuts are probably up there as far as my running rewards.  My run group even had a Thursday morning run in which we decided to run from the running store, through Dilworth, and finish at Duck Donuts (to "check it out").\n\nGranted, we came right when they opened at 6am (our runs start at 5:30am)... so I think the staff was expecting a 'normal' morning and ended up being a bit "deer-in-headlights" that morning.  All in good fun.  They took us in stride (there were about 20-25 of us so it took a while (especially since they make the donuts to order for you).\n\nI tried the maple glaze with bacon topping and it was amazing.  We also just finished doing like 3 miles so it probably put me over my daily calories, but it was darn worth it.  All the different glazes and toppings, there is a donut for everyone here.  I've even started seeing some cyclists ride up East Blvd, with a Duck Donuts box tucked into their cycling jerseys in the back.\n\nThis location has a small parking lot and shares it with the other businesses.  The important thing to note is that its not in the "main" lot where the Harris Teeter is... it is one away... closer to Kenilworth and next to the Bag Lady.\n\nI know Charlotte/North Carolina is "KK" territory, but I'm glad to see these guys in the Queen City.  I'm all about competition to make each other better.
Another buffet option for the University Area.  They did a lot of cosmetic changes to the building structure (used to be a Cajun/Mardi Gras Place?) but it definitely has its share of finishes - really heavy looking copper doors and asian-esq statues flanking the doors.  We were seated pretty quickly and there was a pretty good lunch crowd already.  The place can accommodate a lot of people (parking... not so much... but there are signs for additional parking in the back).\n\nWaitstaff was friendly and prompt with drink refills.  There is a good selection of food ranging from chicken nuggets, fries, to a full on hibachi grill were the food is cooked to order.   Sushi is also available, but I was a little disappointed since it looked like the sushi had been sitting out for a while...  I know it's hard to do a sushi buffet, but some of the rolls looked a little questionable and I stayed away for fear of later issues in my work day.\n\nI was surprised at the price of the buffet 7.99 - so the price does seem right for what you get.  Would I come back... probably... but I can't really do buffets since I feel so miserable afterwards.\n\nMy favorite thing in there was the emergency exit door with the sign, "EMERGENCY EXIT - ALARM WILL BE SOUND"....  so we know the alarm will sound, or the alarm is good to go?  It gave me a little chuckle.
I dunno what these other people were complaining about. Probably just special oittle snowflakes. Service good. Ramen good. Skewers good. Beer cold. No complaints. Nailed it. Quick service too. Don't change a thing yuzu
Skip the rest, and, save your appetite for the Tandoori Chicken. The BEST Tandoori Chicken in the valley. Hands down. \n\nService can be a hit or miss, but, either way the tandoori chicken is worth going back for. Sip on the house chai while you are waiting for the chicken to be grilled to perfection.
The slices are small, but I'm willing to fork over three bucks for two slices of plain cheese.  The pizzas are on the doughy side--not too doughy, but I personally prefer a little more crispness.  And since I already sound like Goldilocks in this review, I'll also say that I think the cheese is a little bit too salty, but just by a tiny margin.  \n\nI often pass by this place on my way home, so I'm sure I'll keep coming back.  It does the trick when I get pizza cravings.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to head to Napoli if I wasn't already in the neighborhood.
Short Summary,\n\nI do not understand the poor reviews of this place.  Good service, hot good food, relaxing time.\n\nOK, now for the meat of it. No pun intended.\n\nI arrived a tad late in the evening.  Fairly busy.  I asked for a table because I don't do booths.  I just don't.  The only tables they had were pulled together.  The hostess went out of their way to pull a table loose and set it up for me.\n\nI was quickly attended to by the server, Megan.  Top notch. I already had my choice made, a nice penne dish with the Italian salad.  The salad showed up about the same time my water did, which was very fast.\n\nMeagan brought me a couple of wine samples and I picked a nice cabernet.\n\nThe penne came out at just the right time, piping hot and fresh. Megan made sure my water never went dry.  She was very attentive.\n\nWhen I finished the penne Megan gave me a run down of the deserts.  I had the seasonal panna cotta, cooked custard with raspberries.\n\nOK, I get it.  Chains are not always cool.  I much prefer local eateries, and the occasional dive.  But I like Carrabbas.  Their food is prepared the way I prepare things at home.\n\nMegan did an excellent job.  If you have the opportunity to go to Carrabas be sure and ask for her and tell her Bud recommended her.
Great mojitos\nLOVE the food. Especially the octopus tacos and bucket of shrimp!\nHave been here 3 times and will keep coming back for fresh delicious tacos. Yumzo!
Delicious! \n\nOrdered a super salmon crunch burrito and was pleasantly surprised, especially given that I've never tried sushi in burrito form until today. \n\nThere was a promotional price on the Ritual ordering app to get a full size for $11 (I believe regular price is $16).\n\nIngredients were very fresh, particularly the salmon sashimi and avocado which is key! The portion of salmon was generous and appropriate for the burrito's size and there was also the perfect amount of sushi rice (which is very little rice, yay). \n\nAll in all a very satisfying meal served by friendly staff. My only concern is portion size - full is hefty in price and weight and I can't finish the whole thing. The smaller portion, however, is expensive given it may not be quite substantial enough as a full meal.
Game Works should lower their pricing and give more credits when kids/adults are playing at this establishment. They give stingy credits when playing and you spend most of your money on it and get nothing in return. You are ripping off customers!!!
Had a terrible meal here from start to finish.  I took relatives out for a special occasion and they recommended it, probably because they felt it was reasonably priced.\nThe meal started with the four of us being seated at a table large enough for six.  This was nice until the waiter came over.  He placed the plates and silverware at the two people nearest him and then literally tossed the plates and silverware to us rather than walking around the table.\nI ordered the oysters.  These must have been frozen at some point, they were watery and tasteless.  Even my brother didn't want to finish them.\nI ordered a salad with "bleu cheese" dressing.  The dressing was thin and tasteless, very little blue cheese flavor.\nFor my entree I ordered the "fresh catch" which was a Pacific rockfish, blackened.  The fish was way overcooked and the blackening was really tasteless.  This came with sides of rice pilaf and broccoli.  Both were undercooked.\nI left over half of my food when we left and the waiter didn't ask anything about the food and why I had left it.\nMy wife said her meal was "ok".  \nWas this just an unusually off night?  I don't know since I was visiting from out of town but I definitely won't go to this location again.  As a note, I've eaten in a few Red Lobsters and the food was always adequate so I would say it was this location that was the problem.
Well this place was a disappointment. Bought the groupon deal. Was incredibly confusing with two cards and figuring out which machines to use which cards. Sometimes the cards worked and then they wouldn't. You don't win tickets with the Groupon card deal and there is a ton of machines just to roll or spin for more tickets which is pointless on the deal. Place is not clean and everything feels extremely run down! So many out of order machines and some that didn't even have out of order placards but didn't work! Would not come here again unless they did some serious updating.
It's been a while since a good Mexican restaurant opened near me, so when I heard about the positive buzz surrounding Chula I got pretty excited. (Meanwhile I'm still mourning the closure of The Willow near Broadview and Danforth...)\n\nThe back patio is super cute and worth the trip alone, but their food is delicious to boot! Prices are very reasonable, and both the tacos and corn were just bursting with flavour (seriously, try the corn - you won't regret it). My only critiques are that the tortillas are quite thin and delicate, so it broke while eating and turned into a hot mess (a tasty hot mess), and that the menu is a bit small (no mole dishes, sadly). But I will definitely be going back!
A pretty good place for sushi, and an average place for other Asian dishes.  While Red Bowl can be wonderful at times, it can be lackluster because of its large array of Asian dishes.  Dishes range from Mongolian to Japanese to Thai to Chinese...etc.  It's sort of like lumping all Europeans together and letting Spaniards cook your schnitzel and kraut.  Red Bowl would better themselves by refining dishes they are strongly familiar with.  \n\nI enjoy eating here, but why order overpriced Chinese food you could get at another Chinese restaurant?  Stick to something you can't get somewhere else.\n\nTry:  The sushi\n\nNew to sushi:  Try tuna rolls\n\nPretend it's sushi:  Try the sweet potato rolls or Californian rolls
We've been there before with our family and the food was amazing.\nOur last visit was a week ago and it was disgusting.  Seating was perfect and hostess was kind and attentive.  The food was dressed with mayo as sauce.  The gnocchi was fried ..tasted like rubber.  It's not a cheap place and I'm guessing there must be a high rate of chef turn over.  Very displeased considering the price. \nNever go again.
Very quick service at this Panagio's.  The portions are large and the price is very fair.  The breakfast potatoes are seasoned perfectly.  Lots of parking available.  Plenty of seats however it does get very busy at 11:30 ish.
Lobster tacos, need I say more? Decent portions of lobster in the tacos. We also had the beef and fish tacos. All great. It is nearby Dupont station so it is easy to get to on public transport. Make sure you don't fill yourself up on the chips before the main course.
Horrible ownership, my family drove 20 mins and showed up almost 30 mins before closing time to see the lights get turned off abd doors locked as we pulled up. We called and they awnsered and said sorry but they closed early tonight. Very unprofessional and bad buisness. We will only go again unless we can't get a refund for our Groupon we purchased. I do not recommend this inconsiderate buisness.
Food are bad and expensive along with terrible service. Curry chicken rice 11.99 and other place never go above 10. Drink are bad too. Not recommended
Stopped in for an early dinner before checking out the Michelangelo exhibit.  The food was pretty good although I wasn't blown away. We ordered the Italian sandwich, truffle fries and a side of brie. The brie was a bit of a disappointment (small portion and way too oily) but the sandwich and fries were delicious! The service was outstanding and I loved how she brought me a small pitcher of iced tea along with my glass.
Came in after work for a burger to go! Friendly staff, great atmosphere! Can't wait to actually go back and try more things on the menu! 2nd best burger I've ever had.
The pho is authentic and good. Many of my foodie friends (CHAR C) recommend this place. I have been here couple of times and other times where we couldn't afford the wait. \n\nThe pho is very good here. Last night was Friday and they had their "hue" beef pho  special. Beware it's very spicy!! Otherwise it's very good. \n\nIt's a small place so it can get pretty busy. Go there during off hours to ensure you get a seat. \n\nThe prices are reasonable. Everything is great but it has a funky smell, I suspect it might be the fish sauce. lol\n\n\nFood 4/5\nService 4/5\nAmbiance 3/5\nValue 4/5\n\n=========\nOverall 4.2
I came here on a Saturday morning right at when they opened. They food is typical of what you get at a dim sum place. They have almost everything you'd expect though they were out of hargow the day I went. They still use the trolleys which took a bit of time to get around especially when it's earlier in the morning. I would've given this place 3 or 4 stars if it had not been the service. The staff just spoke at us in Cantonese, which we didn't speak. When we asked questions in English, one of the staff was visibly annoyed and spoke some words in Cantonese and left.
First let me tell you that you are way better then the Lakewood location in my opinion. I understand you guys are a chain now and are in high demand. \n\nIt does really suck that you guys decided to become a chain. I think when the lakewood location first opened the food was fantastic. Because it wasn't yet a chain. Now, moving on to my evening at Barrio. The service was extremely slow and the wait staff seemed like they didn't want to be there. No one smiled, it was sad actually. \n\nWe placed our orders and when they arrived they were just thrown together. I know there are a lot of people out there that would like a messy taco. But, I'm not one of them. I ended up having to eat with a fork. Which ducked because I wanted finger food. (We crave that sometimes) but, the entire evening was a bust. The wait staff refusing to look even remotely happy they have a job, to messy tacos I had to eat with a fork. I don't think we'll be returning.
I am updating this review based on the response from management regarding my concerns. I was contaced and the conduct of the staff seemingly addressed. I went in again this morning and everyone was as polite and helpful as they have been in the past.
We spent a whole day at the arcade during our stay in Vegas! The games were all in working order, and there were plenty games to choose from. Listened to the advice of others and did not eat at the arcade. \nThere was a great selection of games, but when they got busy, many were being played and there was much more down time. \nTotally worth the price with the Groupon!
Went to dinner tonight food was amazing service was great nice people only thing was me and my boyfriend were the only ones there so it had a "the shinning " feel to it but none the less a good time and good food!
Fantastic food. \n\nImpeccable service. \n\nAuthenticity on point. \n\nIf you are craving the best Italian food in the city - and off the strip prices! - look no further than this hidden gem right off the St Rose Pkwy exit from the I-15. \n\nDefinitely recommend.
A belly dancer in Indian restaurant? This place is insult to Indian cousin. I can't emphasis enough how terrible food was.
I wish I could give more stars, but just cannot. We went to this restaurant, thinking that it was the previous restaurant there, but it was a new eatery. We decided to try it anyway. They seated us immediately, which was amazing considering how many larger parties were waiting to be seated. We were a party of 2. We were seated at a very small table in the very back, and literally squeezed in. It's as if they found out the max seating they could get by with and stuffed tables in. I'd recommend they take out 2 small tables for 2 in that back area, along with a table for 4 in the other, larger, seating area. They've crammed too many tables in the eatery...and if you aren't comfortable sitting there, then why even go eat there? Let's put it this way: They had to ask the other small table of 2 to get up so they could serve us our food. We were that packed in. The food was okay. What we both had was bland. It just needed more seasoning. The service was really great. And I mean that. I think the staff really work very hard. I wish I could give them 3 stars based on that, but the experience was not that good. They even gave us a free dessert to go, which was fantastic.\n\nThis is a new location for this restaurant, so maybe they'll refine the number of tables and add a bit more seasoning to their food. They certainly had a great number of people waiting to eat there, so they have a good following. I wish them the very best.
I've been craving for some dim sum and decided to come here for brunch with a friend. \n\nMy reasons to check this place out:\n1) We've never been here \n2) Cart Service \n\nWe were seated quickly upon arrival, and as usual we were asked what tea we'd like to have. \nThen the carting game began. No-no-yes-no-yes-yes. \n\nWe both loved the squid. It was perfectly cooked - soft and juicy. \nSiu mai, egg tart, sesame ball, and wanton were alright. \nHar gaw was above alright, so it was good. \n\nWeekdays, before 4pm dim sum is $2.50.
3 stars for the food...pretty standard HK cafe fare.  Extra star because I value good service, and, for an Asian place, they definitely went above and beyond to merit that.  Plus, I have yet to come across a place that serves tofu fa as dessert...so that was a pleasant surprise!\n\nOrdered some standard stuff: a pork chop rice and some beef spaghetti dish.  Nothing special re the pork chop rice.  Same goes for the spaghetti.  Only thing is, either the wait staff or the kitchen messed up the meat on the spaghetti (i.e. they put fish instead of beef), and we sent it back.  They were SO GOOD about fixing the dish to the correct order.\n\nThe HK milk tea and lemon tea that we ordered were ok.  We'll come back again and try other dishes!
This is my favorite Indian food in AZ! Super high quality, fresh ingredients and the best flavor in town. Favorite dishes include shrimp or veggie korma, tandoori anything, and a variety of delicious paneers! And the naan is incredible - garlic is my favorite, but I've tried plain, potato and onion, and they're all wow!\n\nThe atmosphere is nice sit-down restaurant (although the seating could be a little comfier), the service is always friendly and the patio is lovely!! The indoor seating isn't super comfortable, but definitely good enough.\n\nSeriously delicious food!
My most recent experience was HORRIBLE.\n\nIt took 40 mins to get food.\nThe server was completely disinterested.\nThey had definitely reduced staff since I had been there last.\nSomeone mentioned something about reduced kitchen staff.
We love Barrio, however I hate to say, you might not want to order out. The past several times we have ordered from the new location in Cleveland Heights, it has been a disappointment. Our tacos have been really soggy and who really wants a soggy taco? Their guacamole is always on point but the chips are overly greasy. If I were to suggest this place, I'd say to go and dine in or go to the Tremont location. Ordering out is kind of just a waste of money and you'll be sadly disappointed. Can't speak for other locations as I haven't ordered take out at any other locations. Nonetheless they have great tacos in which you can make your own combinations or order from their specialty menu. Their dips are always delish and drinks are a must do!  My advice, dine in for the best experience :)
first visit to this location at Town Square\nlast time I went to Gameworks, it used to be a huge location by the MGM\n\nhad to meet a client here.....yes she had kids, so had to keep them busy!\n\nthis location was a lot smaller than the one that was by the MGM, but was a good place to meet....especially since they have alcohol!\n\nordered a pretty pathetic looking pizza, with game card of course!\n....looked bad, but the kids scarfed it down, so who am I to judge, right?\n\nfor adults, we ordered a salad with ranch....just ok\na philly cheesesteak sandwhich....again, just ok, meat kind of dry\nand a spinach artichoke dip, again just ok\n\nservice was good, and we got to let the kiddies run amok in the game area, so that made it nice\n\ndon't think I would come here aside from needing to keep kids occupied though\nwasn't anything special food wise, but they do have a full bar, so that is a plus
I don't get the fuss. The actual donut was lacking flavor and the toppings didn't add much. I was completely underwhelmed with this place.
My Italian dining curse has broken!\n\nTrattoria Italia is located in the location formerly Montesano's.  Its easily spotted from Eastern with plenty of parking.  Going with a fellow Yelper Stefany means I'll be trying more than one thing.  I always say yes to that!\n\nWe decided to start with the Eggplant Ripieni.  Great decision on Stefany's part.  It's a bubbling baked dish resting in sauce and covered in cheese.  The sauce is flavorful and goes well with the complimentary garlic knot basket.  This appetizer is fantastic! \n\nFor the main attractions we split the special of the day Mushroom risotto and the Orecchiette. The mushroom risotto is incredible.  The huge dish of risotto was creamy and delectable.  I didn't want to stop eating.   But since we had another entree so I had to.  \n\nThe Orecchiette is served with broccoli rabe and sausage.  The buttery pasta was combined with plenty of sausage and broccoli.  Again this was a giant dish of food.  We had plenty to take home for a second meal.  \n\nDessert? They have a case at the entrance filled with plenty of tasty treats.  I was feeling quite full but couldn't say no to a cannoli.  But instead of the large I went with a mini cannoli.  The cannoli is fresh and indulgent.  The shell was crisp with no sogginess.  Yum! \n\nTo top off the amazing food, we had wonderfully attentive service.  She was good about keeping up with our water intake.  It was a great experience and I hope to be back soon for more!
I visited this restaurant last night for the third time and I have to say it continues to be one of my favorites.  There's a new fall food and beverage menu that is out of this world, and my girls and I always enjoy ending our evening sitting around the outdoor firepit sipping cocktails.  I wouldn't have recommended this restaurant to families last year due to the barely there outfits the waitresses USE TO wear.  Luckily management recognized they were alienating an entire demographic and the ladies now dress more appropriately which will allow me to start bringing my kids to enjoy the big screen tv's and indoor fireplace.  All in all this is a great place with great food and great people.
Okay, so I love Barrio but this is my least favorite location. The bar area isn't bad. But the dining room is horrible. They have terrible acoustics, so I can never hear the people around me. I'm also not a fan of the patio area. If you are looking for just the food, come to this location. But if you are looking for a good atmosphere, try a different location.
Wow, this place is AMAZING! If you can eat them fresh right when they had it made, I can literally say 'oh-my-gosh! this is GOOD stuffs!'.  Funny thing is, I normally don't like donuts nor sweets at all & for me to rave about this place is saying a lot.  (I'm sitting here kind of knockin' myself for being so crazy over them but yeah, I am a fan!) \n\nI got to try them for the first time a couple months ago and luckily, I went on a Sunday afternoon around 1-2pm so they weren't super busy. I was a little lost and confused when I got there but the African American lady cashier there was SO NICE and SO SO FRIENDLY.  She helped me choose and picked all different & random combination to create these goodies! Even I was a little afraid of taking up too much time in line deciding whats not but she did not care at all nor seems annoyed.  In fact, she won't even let me apologized about it! That's what you called stellar customer service! I love that you get to choose whatever you want and they're not even that expensive!  I also liked that I can watch them put the donuts together! Kinda cool of an assembly.\n\nHowever, my first bite of their popular Bacon topped with Maple glaze was truly truly amazinnnngggg.  It was warm, soft, a little crispy with a slight salty and sweet combo together, oh my gosh, soo soooo good. It felt like heaven biting into it! If you waited and eat it later and re-heated it up in the microwave, it's not the same. Definitely better if you could just eat it right there at the store when you first brought it. I loved it so much my first time, I kept thinking about it. I even came back for seconds a few weeks later but was a little disappointed the cashier lady that I liked wasn't working.  The guy who took my order was just basic, simple.  Didn't really offer much help or cared, just doing his job and getting my order done. Was a little bummed but still, the donuts were bomb-diggity! Literally, made me happy again after biting into it. \n\nDon't go first thing in the morning, I heard there's a long line out the door! There really isn't much seating inside either so it's really a drop in and out the door kind of place but service was quick unless it's during busy hours.
I first discovered Duck Donuts when I was living in Raleigh and was so pleased to learn that a location was opening near my house in Charlotte! These donuts are so unique. Not only can you pick your own glazes and toppings, but the actual donut is like nothing I've ever tasted. The donuts are literally melt-in-your-mouth delicious. If you're looking for a sweet treat, you have to try Duck Donuts!!
We had food delivered which can be dicey for a regular restaurant but I have to say we were impressed and surprised.  I had the Salmon with lemon sauce and capers, my partner had the Grilled Garlic Chicken - both were cooked perfectly, the potato cake was even in a separate container so the sauces did not soak up into them.  The portions were more than generous, even for the salmon.  I had dinner and lunch from the one dish.  I will definitely be ordering from them again.
We wanted some Italian food for dinner last night. So I went online to see their web site and menu. When we decided what we wanted, there was no phone number anywhere on the web site. So I searched google only to find their phone number on a review site. I called the restaurant about 6 or 7 and I got their voicemail. So I called back 2 more times and got their voicemail again. That's when I gave up and ordered from another Italian restaurant that answers their phone. \n\nI am very disappointed that they couldn't be bothered having someone answer the phone.
It's hard to have a good first-time experience somewhere when it starts off terribly. We approached the host stand and waited for Destiny, the young hostess. This girl should not be the first person guests encounter when they walk in. She is completely tactless. She started every sentence "Okay well..."      "Here is what's gunna happen..."     "yeah well..." \nNot to mention her constantly leaving the stand to talk in a huddle with her other rude coworkers who I over heard talking about how some new employee wouldn't last and would be gone within a week. So rude! Someone needs to remove her from that hostess stand immediately. I would write a review on everything else but who cares about anything else if the customer service stinks!?
Super cool and chillax place if you are looking for something low key. We had some delicious tea and smoked some hookah and enjoyed the atmosphere. Not alot of main course items on the menus but it was still a good experience.
The carbonara brought me to tears. It is that good. The bread knots with the olive oil garlic were perfection. Sister had chocolate gelato and I brought home mini cannoli and marzipan cookies. The desert case is to die for. Will he back.
Donuts are absolutely delicious!! I will take these over Krispy Kreme any day! Keep up the good work!
Yep, it lived up to the hype. Great gyro sandwiches with a cool local feel. The pita is soft and the gyro meat is some of the most tender I've found. Brilliantly seasoned too, the meat is definitely what sets these gyros apart. I also liked that there are multiple size options for the sandwiches. \n\nThe place has a nice, local college hotspot feel. Not wild and crazy, but more the kind of place students stop by on their way to and from class.
This is BY FAR the best sushi place within 10 miles of my house. I have eaten at least 10 different rolls here and this is our go-to place for sushi after going to Tamari for years. The $Money$ roll is our favorite. My wife grew up eating sushi in the Bay Area and she loves this place. I have many friends that also call this their favorite sushi place in the Gilbert area. I can't say much for the other items on the menu, but the sushi is awesome. The seaweed salad is also pretty tasty. I have never had a friend of mine complain when I send them to Red.
This place was okay! The ambiance was excellent but the food was not that tasty. People were being quite loud. I was with a friend and my dad for dinner. Maybe will have to choose another place some time soon.
The best pho in the city. Their weekday special Mon-Thurs of hot and spicy beef noodle soup is just out of this world. It's beef parts slow cooked with carrot, tomato, and spices. Not really that spicy but really delicious. Fresh noodles and friendly service are a win.
-Consistant food.\n\n-Good service.\n\n-Not too long of a wait.\n\n-Parking was convenient.\n\n-Updated decor.\n\n-Area is questionable.
This was a random stop for us on a Saturday morning out running errands. We had just had a semi-healthy lunch and wanted something sweet so we decided to share a doughnut. I know most people are probably rolling their eyes, but hey, I love sharing and didn't want a whole thing. \n\nWe got our doughnut dipped in chocolate with peanut butter drizzle and chopped peanuts. It was hot and fresh, which was good. For me, it was a bit too rich and decadent, so I'm glad we shared. My boyfriend, however, could not get enough of it and mumbled the words "awesome" and "delicious" in between bites. \n\nUnfortunately, we both left our cell phones at home but suffice it to say, it was a pretty looking doughnut.
What  was I thinking when I ordered Pho at this place? sucked sooooo bad!!!! I was totally craving a rich broth and noodles on a cold day and out came this flavorless bowl of soup and noodles. Since I had two not so good experiences with this place I won't return.
This is our third visit to Fraticelli's, and we had a great time.  This is our early New Year's Eve dinner. The place is busy but not hectic. The ambiance is just right to make you feel comfortable. The food tastes good. Three of us had steak. Sirloin and New York strip. And we all liked our steak. For dessert one of us had the molten lava cake, with ice cream on top. It was delicious. The amaretto in it heightens the softness and sweetness of the cake, while the ice cream brings it down just a bit to strike the perfect balance.\nService is prompt and friendly. Our waitress is pleasant and helpful. Overall we had a great meal and great time. I think we have a new favorite restaurant for family and friends gathering.\n\nThe only drawback to me is that there is not enough pasta selections.  But then again they do call themselves a Grill restaurant.
We stopped here for dinner on a Friday night with friends.  Our friends wanted to sit in a booth, but I would have loved to try out the couch options.  Couches?!  How often do you get to sit in comfiness while eating out?!  Awesome!  They also had a nice patio option with fun decor and a fireplace.\n\nWhen we got the bill, we were pleasantly surprised to learn that craft beers are $3/pint during Happy Hour.  The selection was above average...esp at that price!\n\nI had the Turkey Club with tater tots.  It was ok.  Nothing wrong, nothing special.  I was excited to see that it included their signature deviled eggs as I am a deviled egg fan.  Unfortunately, they were not to my liking.  My husband enjoyed his burger.  So, that may be the way to go.\n\nI would recommend Brick House.  Definitely try out Happy Hour in the luxury of couches.
I went into this place for the first time and I thought it was really good.  I ordered the chicken Katsu combination. I also ordered california rolls that were good since I don't eat sushi. My husband had the terriaki chicken and thought my food was better even though his was still good. I would go there again. The Sushi chef was nice too.\nThe only think that I didn't like was that they gave me one "not full small bowl" of rice and I asked for more and they charged me. I have never been to a place that charged extra for rice.
MAMMA MIA CHE BUONA  ! \n       Stopped here for the first time tonight to pick up a "To Go Order" of Eggplant Parmigiana.I'm Italian and I know what good Eggplant Parmigiana \ntastes like. This is the real deal. Eggplant assembled just right with a generous topping of mozzarella highlighted with what could be my grandmother's sauce. The order also came with several very tasty garlic knots. \n       In addition, the owner and his wife were extremely friendly and efficient. \n       I will be back with the family next time for a sit down dinner.
As good as this place is, it seems like once in a blue moon that i have talk to someone who has actually heard about River Moon Cafe.  What is also curious is the place is always packed, maybe its the same people always going just wearing different clothes or maybe my mind was waning.  The first time i went the Tex Mex rolls were recommended.  I have never tried such a concept so i gave it a whirl.  It wasn't the greatest appetizer ever but it was something different and worth the gamble as i left other desiring appetizers in my hand.   For entree, the fillet and the crab cakes were both winners.   On the dark side i wasn't crazy about the wasabi mashed potatoes.   Now I am a big fan of wasabi and mashed potatoes and was eager to try them, but was overwhelmed by the root.   Not sure why chefs try to mess with mashed potatoes so much, just like hamburger helper they do just fine by themselves.   Here are more reasons to grab an arm and head out for a moondance, BYOB, everything is made fresh to order, chef comes out often to check on customers, and they have prefix menu specials during the week.
Its been years since I've been to a S&S. Didn't know they served breakfast. Burgers never look like they do on the menu. I ordered the Frisco Burger which looks so big on the menu but looked like a car ran over it and backed up and drove over it again. Fries are just eh but the sweet tea is a good value for a buck. Shakes are pretty good, but I thought just a tad thin. wait staff is attentive but could use some help at the register as we stood there for ten minutes waiting to pay.
The only thing that keeps this from being a 5 is the horrible service both times I went. They are hiring, hopefully they will find staff to take them to another level.\n\nMe and my family are foodies and the burgers don't disappoint. Great French fries too!
I don't eat beef, but I enjoy both turkey and chicken burgers.  I had a chicken-burger craving and heard rave reviews about the burgers here so I decided to give it a try.  I noticed the blackened-chicken burger and being the spice-addict that I am, ordered that rather than the "grilled chicken burger".  The way of picking up food is not the most ideal.  Even during the lunch-rush the one person taking orders was expected to pick up the food and "deliver" it to the end customer.  This is ok in a place like McDonald's where everything is pre-made and must simply be assembled by the cashier, but this place didn't seem very well organized in that sense.  It made the cashier have to allocate her time between taking orders and serving food.  When you can see your food waiting for you and the cashier repeatedly ask for the "next person in line", it can be pretty aggravating.  The grilled chicken was not only not spicy, the way blackened chicken should be, it hardly seemed to have any flavor at all and was kind of dry.  I was definitely disappointed by this "certified" burger joint, but I decided to go back to try some Poutine.  I'm not a big fan of gravy, but the fries were ok and at a time with no rush, the service was speedy.  Ambiance is much like McD's though, not much like a place that appears to pride itself on the quality of its food.
Zorbas is amazing and an important part of my UIUC experience! After a hard work out and swim at the ARC, there's nothing like a zorbas's gyro and their iced tea. Will be missed greatly once I graduate!
As it has already been said the service ruins it.  We waited for well over an hour to get our food.  Apparently the problem is they only have 1 cook...so you get your food when you get your food.  I am usually not a big fan of Indian food, because it sometimes is just too spicy, even the bread was like eating a jalapeno., so that also plays a role into my rating.  I just came here as my brothers invited me to dinner, brothers night out sorta thing and I just went with the flow.  I will say the server was awesome to me,  gave me free mango lassi which tasted so lush.  2 stars to the restaurant and 5 stars to our server.
Beautiful golf course as well as an amazing breakfast before or after you play. Prices are incredibly reasonable, food is wonderful, and the staff is so friendly and attentive. If you're around this area, come grab breakfast or lunch!
I only come here on Christmas mostly because my wife forces me too. We take her cousin out for lunch. The only memorable thing about this restaurant is the little hoodsie cups of ice cream. The food is remarkably unremarkable. It's a case of it is what it is cheap average Chinese food.
The food is great!  Traditional Italian cooking.  Eggplant parmigiana is delicious.  Meatballs are like my nonna used to make.  The owners are from Palermo, Sicily and add that friendly, Italian touch to the excellent service.  They were so patient with me as I practiced my long-forgotten Italian  language with them!  It's a comfortable, very clean, relaxed atmosphere.  This was our first visit, but it has now become our go-to place for Italian cooking.
Unfortunately, I didn't get the opportunity to even eat here because the customer service over the phone was uninviting. I called in to book my birthday dinner originally for 7 people. Later, the reservation needed to be changed to 8, so I called back. I was then told by an employee over the phone, completely brushing me off, that I would need to call back the next day and speak to the manager because the menu setting is different for 8 people or more. I then had to call back, on the day of my birthday, and speak to the manager who simply said, "It's not possible, you'll be uncomfortable." No sign of 'let me see what I can do', or 'let me see how I can accommodate you.' He simply disregarded me. Not a sign of good customer service!
Rip off!!! I was looking forward to this place for a year, total disappointment. Any arcade on the strip is just as good if not better. Over priced games! Very small areas, everyone was cramped tight and I almost lost my composure in there due to the fact that the arcade area is so small and when playing skee ball was afraid to play with confidence due to trying to a avoid bumping in to someone while playing. Lines for a lot of games and not many choices to pick and play from made it not fun. Will not be coming back spent 27$ for 20 min of very annoying and frustrating entertainment. And some of their games are not working.
I've been to all of the locations, this is the original and the BEST location. Resos are a must here, it's a tight space. Fish tacos and Pastor are the way to go!
This joint always puts mayonnaise in my sandwiches when I specifically ask them not to, EVERYTIME. I guess you get what you pay for considering I order from the dollar menu.
They gotta do better. With everything. Service. Food. Prices. The games. Literally half the game don't work. The staff fixing them tells me he doesn't know when it's gonna be fixed. The basketballs at he basketball game is all flat. They wouldn't refill my card when a game charged me and didn't even let my kids play. Oh. And they charge a liver and a kidney for a small quesadilla. Terrible service. Just terrible
We just love this place every time! They have fresh food that fits everyone's taste buds. This is great place for kids, work lunch and groups. The view of the strip and downtown is amazing too!
Very disappoint with this place!!! My wife and I went there for afternoon tea with our service dog and they refuse to give us service cause we have a service dog.  We were basically told to leave!   I told the owner that they cannot refuse service to us in an establishment under the Toronto bylaw.  They say they don't know anything about this service dog bylaws.  I even show them the actual laws from the city of Toronto bylaws webpage and they still don't understand. \nWell, I guess they lose us as regular customers from now on.  We will never go there again with that kind of ignorance! \nToo bad I can't give them a negative stars rating.
I want to give this place 10 stars. DELISH. My husband and I happen to stumble upon this yummy donut shop as we're passing through Charlotte. FRESH DONUTS MADE TO ORDER. Why is this not a more popular idea?... I guess that would take away from the novelty of it.  Hands down. Best donut of my life. Melt. In. Your. Mouth. And I've had Gourdough's (in Austin). Which is now runner up. If you're passing through Charlotte. THIS IS A MUST.
I really really wanted this place to be awesome.  But as you can tell it fell a bit short.  First the positives...great environment and the simple menu make ordering and service quick and easy.  I love the decor and music...not what you expect from this part of town...which is why I was hopeful.  \nBut reality set in, not long after arriving.  There was limited staff...the poor guy was doing everything by himself....getting drinks, taking orders, bringing the food, fulfilling requests for condiments/extra napkins, bartendering, taking payment. He was super helpful and nice...thankfully.  Which was a sharp contrast to who I believe is the owner or manager, this woman who looks like she doesn't want to be here at all.  She gives everyone the stink eye [even customers] and in no way offers to chip in...as you see that level of staff do, especially in new businesses.  \nNow the food....we got ramen and the quail eggs..the eggs were good. The broth of the ramen was clean and tasty, the noodles on the other hand were under cooked...they shouldn't zig zag.  Another minute or two they would have been perfect...so this is fixable.  I really hope this place survives...fingers crossed.
Playa Cabana is a Mexican restaurant in Toronto open for lunch and dinner near the popular Yorkville area. They have three locations but I frequent original the 111 Dupont location.There are a few really great Mexican restaurants in Toronto but what I love about Playa Cabana is that it isn't a nutritional death sentence. There are quite a few pretty healthy options that are delicious and filling. The food is fresh and well priced. They also have a great tequila selection and delicious homemade chips. The space is small and cosy and in the summer they have a small patio in the back.\nThe burrito is big enough to share and I would recommend sharing a little bit of everything. Their ceviche is always fresh and bursting with citrus. The brisket tacos are incredible but very heavy. This is a great place for a fun group dinner, boozy brunch or casual dinner. Strongly recommend getting a reservation.
Great selection of flavors from the islands.  Ox tail soup is hard to find around here, but they have it.  The ox tail was very small and wrinkled.  Porridge was too hot.  Parking lot is small.
Good food but way over priced charges for everything including the rice for curry. A meal for two people will cost at least 40 without any drinks \nJewel of the crown is more reasonably priced and more authentic if you're looking for different options
Great old school diner with huge portions!  Montreal smoked meat sandwich was phenomenal and the staff is extremely friendly.  Hidden gem in Mississauga
Recently visited Trattoriia Italia on a vacation to Vegas, and we will definitely be back. For an appetizer we order the fried mozzarella balls, how can you go wrong with fried cheese! The tomato sauce for dipping was so delicious. Our entrees were gnocchi and fettuccine alfredo. The gnocchi was soft and delicious, it came with a trio of sauces, the pesto was by far my favorite. My son had the fettuccine and all but licked the bowl, and this boy's a pasta expert! The best part of the meal was the incredible tiramisu. Our server told us that the owner's dad makes it fresh every morning, and you could tell. It was creamy and so very rich and delicious. Save room for dessert!!! The servers were kind, knowledgeable and made us feel welcome. Can't wait to return!
An admission: I've been eating at Panagio's since 2012 when I moved to Scarborough. I've visited over 50 times since and have never had a bad experience (some 3 star days for sure, but never bad). \n\nOverall, Panagio's offers great value for money. Portions are huge and the prices are reasonable. Seating is comfortable. The restaurant is clean and the bathrooms have change tables. There's lots of parking and it's conveniently located at Sheppard and McCowan, just off the 401. \n\nA couple of negatives: it's not a huge place so I avoid peak periods. It can feel understaffed at times leading to longer waits. There are no really good options for vegans and vegetations; it's a greasy spoon at heart. \n\nI vary my orders between one of their delicious omelets, the"big" breakfast (for pigs only) and occasionally I'll have one of their special breakfasts like the "huevos on the ranch".\n\nPanagio's is good. My wife and I like it and so do my girls. I'll be there for breakfast today!
Very sub par place. EVERYTHING was so very salty. Olive Garden was packed across the way so we decided to give the Red Lobster a shot. Uhhg! No wonder the place was empty. It SUCKS! Service was alright but the food was terrible. Yeah, if you're thinking about going, don't!
Had the butter chicken, masala chicken and garlic naan this afternoon for lunch. I love Indian food, but it was very overpriced here especially considering that this particular meal was a bit bland tasting. The rice portion was on the small side, as well as the chicken was drenched in sauce to make it look like a bigger meal. The naan was good. Overall, I love Indian food but this place was okay. I wouldn't mind going back but hopefully next time the meals are more flavourful and bigger.
Today was my 2nd time coming here. The first time here actually wAs my first time experiencing pho! I love it! This place is super cute and clean, has super friendly and attentive servers. The food is fresh! Today, I tried their Thai tea. So delicious.
Best ramen so far in Phoenix. Love the basic ingredients. Highly recommended. The atmosphere is very chill.
Up from NYC for Caribana and craved a NY style deli, and found it!! Great place if you want true, good, old fashioned deli style sandwiches. We had the Super Old Fashion, Turkey Club and Reuben, each as good as the other. Found my NYC deli away from home!
Great atmosphere - casual w indoor and outdoor seating \nGreat tacos - build your own! Absolutely delicious!!\nDidn't try the margaritas this time, but will be back!!!
This was the WORST dining experience I've ever had my entire life! I cannot believe how horrible the service was. The server, Nicole G was HORRIBLE!!!!! When I say HORRIBLE I mean it took her 15 min to come to our table and take our order, luckily she was "training" someone who only came to get our drink order. When Nicole took our order she wasn't friendly at all but at this point we weren't really irritated by the service YET. We order and the food takes 30-40 min to come out. Mind you it's not even busy. Someone else brought our food out and our lobster tails looked DISGUSTING! As soon as they put the plate down I looked at my lobster and knew it was overcooked. Once I bit into it, it was so rubbery! But Nicole was no where to be found to request a new lobster tail and we were starving because we were waiting so long and we just ate it. Also, the biscuits weren't fresh at all so we couldn't even snack on those because they were room temperature. We're in the middle of eating and our drinks were empty for 30 min. We slide the glasses to the end of the table HOPING Nicole would come and fill our drinks up, but of course that didn't happen. Our drinks were empty for 30 minutes!! This is NOT an exaggeration, I know it sounds bad and it was THAT BAD! Then Nicole comes and brings the check! I say I would like more water please but I NEVER got my water.\n\n I walk up to the hostess and I request to speak to the manager. Ten minutes go by and the manager still hasn't came but I'm not even sure the hostess informed him, so Nicole walks by and says are you ready for me to close you out? I said no, I would like to speak to you manager please and she says ABSOLUTELY with the fakest smile on her face. The manager Luis comes and I express my dissatisfaction and how angry we are. I tell him this is completely unacceptable to be treated this way for a meal that isn't cheap ($35 a plate). Luis was very nice and tried to rectify the situation the best he could. He offered us anther lobster, dessert, and even comp'd our entire meal.  \n\nThe sad part is I feel like Red Lobster is going down hill, my family and I used to go all the time and the only reason my boyfriend and I came tonight was because Olive Garden next door had a 35 min wait and Red Lobster was convenient because it was later. We were here for 2 hours on a Thursday night and it was dead because we got seated right away. I will NEVER come to this location again. But thank you Luis for taking care of us and handling the situation well.
Their food is really good with generous portions. They will make custom orders, ask for ours, it's called the Weird Roll (#41).  You can't beat the friendly service either.
Hands down one of my top three restaurants in the area to go to. When I tell people that I get surprised looks and it's because this place has evidently changed a lot in the last few years and it has been for the better. The atmosphere is great, servers are attentive, the manager has stopped by our table probably 1 in every 5 visits we have had. The food is amazing, really a lot if bang for your buck and the beer selection is extensive. Personal favorites of ours are: meat and cheese board, Greek meatballs, the chips appetizer, stuffed meatballs, duck wings, their new pulled duck pizza, and pork chops! Yum yum yum. And if you're getting dessert the magic brownie is phenomenal!
Finally a decent Mexican restaurant in Toronto. A friend wanted to get some Mexican food, so I yelped and found this gem. \n\nPlace/Ambience: small and gets busy everyday. Went on a Monday night, weather was bad and it was raining, but this place was still packed and there were people lining to get a table. We were a group of 8 and got seats because we went early at 6pm. The ambience was good. A little dim, but that is perfect for a social gathering.\n\nFood:  We did not know what to get and asked our waiter for recommendations. He was very patient and told us the popular dishes, while explaining how each is cooked. I got the Tacos Al Pastor upon his suggestion. The pork was marinated overnight and slowly cooked. It was very good and very flavourful, although the portion was not very big. I also ordered the Mojito Cubana. Not the best mojito I tried, and was a bit on the sour side. My advice, skip the mojitos.\n\nOverall, it was a good experience and I would definitely go back again if I am feeling Mexican.
It's a Wednesday afternoon, & the place was peaceful with more than 5 tables which consist of 2 people each. I ordered the week day special "Bun Rieu" with real crab meat (not the cheap, fake powder crab sticks most places sell), flavourful crab cake & ham hock. The soup was a bit plain, make sure to ask them for the SHRIMP PASTE if your table doesn't have it ready. It's a must-have when eating this dish, along with shredded banana blossom. I squeeze in some lime juice to enhance the soup. \n\nForget the service. Came here for food, food is great & great food deserves 5*. I'd recommend this place to anyone who loves authentic Vietnamese food. Try the Banh Cuon (rice crepes), Bun Bo Hue (weeknd only) & explore the Vietnamese cuisine & don't just order Pho every-time.
I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo & the Calamari Taormina.  The fettuccine was cooked perfectly, but the alfredo sauce was lacking in flavor.  I even tried to dress it up w/ Parmesan cheese & additional spices, but that didn't help.  The shrimp & calamari in the Calamari Taormina were overcooked & the zucchini was so scarce that it shouldn't even be mentioned in the description.  The garlic knots were the best part of the meal.\n\nI ordered the items for delivery through Grubhub.  Not sure if that made an impact on the quality.
Went to this restaurant with my girlfriend. We ordered the Italian salad to start and it was very good.  Bread was super doughy with no flavor. Put some garlic on that shit.\n\nShe ordered the gnocchi which was okay. When I ordered the Mediterranean linguine which is supposed to be scallops and shrimp in a light cream red sauce, I had asked the waited if the seafood was fresh or frozen. \n\nHis response was "yes they are fresh...as fresh as they can be, cause we are in vegas". To which I replied, "what?"\n\nHe replied "yes, they are fresh"\n\nLater he came back and said they were out of scallops. Suspect sir.\n\nHe offered some alternatives to which I proceeded to order mussels in place of the scallops. \n\nWhen I tasted both the shrimp and mussels they were both obviously from frozen. If not they were cooked suspiciously. The sauce was like hot red milk with no flavor. \n\nOverall, suspect. For $24, that seafood pasta should be fresh or cooked better.\n\nThe waiter also mentioned that the Mediterranean linguine was one of their most popular items. \n\nYou're suspect trattoria italia.
Prices are low, food is decent. Gave a 2 star rating because I was not told that substituting american cheese with pepper jack cheese incurred an extra charge and the cashier very obviously rolled her eyes when I asked her about it. Also, the Cajun fries are just their regular fries sprinkled with the seasoning they have on all their tables yet is an extra $0.29.
Discovered this place a few weeks ago, just opened.  Very friendly service, freshly made food, hot and tasty.  The price is incredible, just 1.75 each for most Tacos, and on Tuesdays, which I just came from yesterday, they have a $0.99 special per beef-filled taco.  The Tinga so far is my favorite, shredded chicken, lean and delicious. Choice of hot sauces offered at the serving bar, the red one's my favorite, and it's got kick.  Small place, only a few tables, but has a bar with seats along the side that is convenient.  \nWhat could stand improvement is perhaps how orders are placed, which has resulted twice now in small mistakes in the food order, but after which they immediately fixed.  Possible solution is perhaps by offering customers a ticket number so that we can help verify the order when we get it as well? \nAll in all though, the combination of price, service and quality of food makes this place outstanding. \nI'm a fan
There are way too many ticket machines which require no skill and attract little kids to use up all their quarters! I wish all the games gave tickets so they would actually play games besides ticket machines! A lot of machines were out of order. There were so many people in there you had to wait to get a turn on most games. This was Sat. at 4:00 p.m.-5:30. This place is just prepping young kids to throw away their money in hopes of hitting the 500 ticket pay out! Sound like Vegas to you?  They serve alcohol, that's a plus! They have a few bowling lanes, and kids loved that! At least they played something. They also have a small video game room with some game system for older kids. I didn't check that out much, and have no idea how long that's been there. The food is very good here. Plan on spending a lot of money if you take a few kids here at once. It's cheaper to purchase one or two large play cards than purchasing 5 different ones. So we got two and had the teens swipe for the 10 year olds. No matter how the adults feel, this is heaven for kids!
This place had changed owners and their food is much better than it used to be. \n\nThe lamb leg is a must try!!! You wouldn't believe the quality of the meat that you can find food court these days. \n\nDefinitely a revisit
We always hit up gameworks for hours of fun when we come to Vegas. We are obsessed with the Wizard of Oz game and my kids also love the Pac Man Air Hockey game! The food is good too but we usually spend all of our time playing the games. The staff are always friendly and have helped with anything we need. My daughter loves that the restrooms are always so clean. Great for kids, teens and adults.
This place is nothing fancy, but who cares when the food is good! FINALLY, a good sized bowl of pho for a reasonable price! Oh and the service is friendly and fast! I will be back!
After receiving an email for their Father's Day free brunch special, I decided to call to make a reservation.  Once the hostess/whomever asked how many were in my party, I stated '2', and immediately the tone and demeanor changed.  Her tone and verbal demeanor implied I was lying regarding my party.  Immediate response, as I am one of the two options provided, was thinking of those single fathers who might want to take their child out, or for parents who want to get away and be alone together.  Immediately turned off of this establishment.  Beware of others if you are thinking of this option.
At $12.99 a person for dinner (on a week night), it's a little pricey. BUT they had blue crabs, clams in black bean sauce, steam flounder, sushi, salt & pepper shrimps (with heads), crawfish, noodle station and other food items that can make this worths the money. \n\nI normally come here with my parents. My mom always has $1 off per person coupon with her (it's out there, not sure which neighborhood coupon booklet). \n\nThe service is... well, it's a chinese buffet so there's not much of a service to speak of. On the plus side, my water glass was never empty. \n\nOverall food is ok and in good supply (I HATE all-you-can-eat places where they're stingy with bringing out hot food). Not a bad option in the area.
The service at this particular location is great whether it's in the drive thru or inside. The employees are nice, polite, helpful and they get my order correct. I commend the person or people who do the hiring and training of the employees. \n\nI ordered food for my family the other day. There were several items. I noticed that two bean burritos were not in my order that I had paid for. I forgot to call right away but called about five hours later. I had my receipt and offered to read the order number and the time or the order. I didn't expect them to do anything about it at that point but figured it didn't hurt to try. A nice young man named Tyler said he didn't need the receipt number, that he was sorry and to just let them know the next time we come in that he said I could get my replacement burritos. I did not expect that. He was so nice about it.
I was first introduced to a Firehouse when I lived in Chandler and while I am not always big on a hot sandwich the meatball sub is the only thing I get! I've had the roast beef and it is just as tasty but the bread and melted cheese on top of the meatballs is just delicious! And having a dad that LOVES sweet tea when I discovered they had sweet and unsweetened ice tea I knew I would visit frequently! Firehouse is my go to for meatball subs, not to mention I live so close to one now.
You know what, I had a good experience at GameWorks! I think that there could be more games (there was a pretty large, and empty, dining area), but it was clean, well maintained, and the games they had were quite entertaining. The Pac Man air hockey game was a big hit! Although they don't have a DJ and dance floor like they do at Insert Coins, this was still a good time.\n\nI also liked that they had a full bar with drinks that weren't overpriced. The bowling alley also looked very intriguing, but alas, we didn't have an opportunity to bowl on this occasion. \n\nI think that this is a great option for kids and adults alike! Game On!
I don't know why since e first moved here there were some people that we've met up here in Scottsdale saying there was no good restaurant in the desert to eat PHO. So I've been kinda bummed because we love eating PHO and having to find this place is a gem. Thanks to Yelp we said "Let's just chance it and try it out for ourselves!" and you know what, it was really good. \nI love the egg rolls it was a small dish but, it was delicious...I love eating it with all the fixings it's so delicious and I love their pho. The customer service though is mehh we had to waive someone down for water service and our check. But, the food here is delicious
Had a few great dishes here. The veggie pho was tasteful and the chicken bahn mi (not on the menu) was tasty as well. The kids enjoyed the noodles web veggie and tofu as well. The service is a tad lacking but it's likely due to being a new restaurant. Glad this place is in the hood. Good food. \n\nUpdate:   The experience has lowered my rating. First, they continually mess up our order and then they ran a $60 charge on my CC for a $37 meal. Normally not a problem except that the experience also involved the gentleman who works there disciplining my 4 year old child. If you have children, find a more kid friendly restaurant unless you want the staff to get upset with your kid, for being a kid. This was our last visit here. Time for a new Pho place.
A friend recommended this place highly, so we decided to give it a try for dinner.  Our hostess took us to the tables by the bar.  We did  not notice that there empty tables on the other side of the restaurant until too late.  Service was nice, very polite and prompt, by an attentive waiter.   Noise was out of this world. No,  it was not music, it was the bartender a lady  that was being very loud with 2 patrons (or friends) for the entire duration of our dinner.  Not talking, but screaming and laughing loudly (around 8pm, so no alcohol induced).\n\nFood was OK, we ordered General Tsos, a House special fried rice, 2 different teas and a soup (tea was delicious, specially the jasmine tea), but left as soon as we could, and took our food home.  Not sure if we will give it another try.
Don Taco is located on Ste. Catherine Street West in the Shaughnessy Village area of downtown Montreal. I accidentally came across this place one day and was surprised with their taco offerings. It is difficult to get tacos in Montreal so this was a good find. It would appear that it is paired in the same location with a bakery (not reviewed here). \n\nThe first time I came here I had two tacos from the menu, the Alambre and the Asado, an order of hot pimento peppers and a coke for a little under $9.00. The Asado taco was tender grilled beef served with onion and coriander. The Alhambra was a sauteed chicken taco served with red and green peppers,onions and melted cheese. Both were served on a soft shell corn tortilla. Both were excellent but a little on the small side. I also had a side order of hot Mexican jalapeno peppers. They were precisely that, I could only eat two or three, they were so hot. \n\nOn a Tuesday I returned for the .99 cent Dorado taco special. These were ground beef tacos served with lettuce and cream. They were small yet tasty tacos. I also ordered a side order of refried beans.  This made for an interesting cheapie night paired with a movie at the old Montreal Forum (Pepsi Forum) a few blocks west at Atwater. The decor was very clean and the toilet was extremely spacious, modern and ultra clean. It would appear that the women working here are hard working and dedicated, more power and success to them!
Great find... one of my good friends took me here... food was outstanding with reasonable prices and portions.  Chianti was excellent and fairly priced.  Definitely going to be one of my go to places from now on!
It is a play for kids, loud, games are worn down, toys are for kids. The food is not bad. I just wanted everyone to have some fun. My kids like it. Right out side there is this park is nice for them as well.
Opening day everything was broken. 2nd time I went nothing has changed. The esports lan center is too narrow And the byoc area is not that big and $5 and hour too expensive. Bar was ok and bowling area is too small. Maybe next time think about how you can improve.
This place is authentic... to a point where some staff only speak Italian.  Everything is made in house, it's a family business.  So everyone takes part, even the father of the owner makes the pastries, and let me just say... best cannoli!  And those cookies? Absolutely fabulous.  It's a bit pricy but personally you're paying for quality Italian food, with a sweet bistro ambiance.  I loved it, and honestly haven't experience authentic Italian in a long time.  I'm so happy to know this place exists in the world!
A fun place to be a kid again. Good way to spend a afternoon. I've been here a few times with a groupon and without one. If they have the $20 all day passes on groupon it's going to be your best value. Includes $10 worth of ticket or lounge play too. Has an assortment of arcade games and ticket machines. With bowling alley, bar and dining area in back. The venue is big lots of room to move around. Customer service is friendly and good overall. Usually highschool kids or young gamers work the floor. The food was your typical bar food. Nothing special. Service in the dining area was very good.
I absolutely love Yuzu.\n\nAnymore, its so hard to find a place that oozes personality and character. I still standby my previous review-- the food is awesome and I love the skewers. Also, they have one of the most pun-y and fantastic drink menus ever (the 3am Snap Story, #basicbitch Iced Coffee, Straight Outta Pinterest... to name a few).\n\nNow that i've had a chance to experience Yuzu more often, I adore it. Portlandia Patio Party? Crazy Cat Lady night? 90's Girls Only Sleepover Party? Yuzu infuses the fun back into the neighborhood with their hilarious and original events. Not to mention, the staff at Yuzu are just totally lovely people. They care about your experience and are dedicated to the neighborhood in an incredibly authentic way. I just love to give a giant, virtual high five to anyone creative enough to program a restaurant with such awesome, fun things to do year-round, while also having great service and unique food.
When this restaurant first opened my wife and I were fans and since we were moving back to Moon Valley we were excited that MV was going to get a new good restaurant since there aren't many.\n\nWe got the Carolina Burger and the garlic knot bun was a great idea. The burger was juicy and delicious. The truffle fries were the perfect side for it as well. Anything truffle I'm a sucker for.\n\nLast night we went again after a few months and it seems they forgot the butter and garlic on the buns and the truffle on the fries. The burger was pretty dry due to the dry bun and lack of any garlic and butter so it was just a knot bun really. \n\nNot sure if it was a bad night, but if I truly hope they pick up the quality again because I want them to succeed here.\n\nI'll give it one more shot and if it's good again, I'll be happy to update this review with 5 stars that I would've given it a few months ago when I first ate here.
Vastly overrated.....\n\n1. The food was marginal - soups lacked flavor and any sort of presentation. The entrees were acceptable, but nothing to rave about. \n\n2. Lighting is 2X  brighter than it should be. \n\n3. Music was a mix of Christmas songs and hip-hop.....are you kidding me? \n\n4. Our server would rate somewhere between "bland" and "cold". \n\n5. The owner stood literally 1 foot to my left talking to the other table for at least 10 to 15 minutes. This was highly annoying - and not to mention, intrusive. \n \n** The place is "new" - I guess.... That is really all it has going for it. Location probably does not hurt either, so people might "fall" for it. \n\nWill likely never return - \n\nOverall score:  3.5/10
This is one of those hidden gems in town.  Everything about this place was amazing.  The service was great and the server was really nice. He helped us ordered by telling us what was his favorite.  I had the gnocchi with their vodka sauce. It was amazing.  My friend and I also shared their meatballs. Do not skip out on the meatballs they are really really tasty.  Overall this place is amazing and I will be bringing alot of my friends back.  A truly hidden gem.
I went here with my husband and daughter for my birthday because I wanted some jerk chicken. Reviews were pretty good, so we gave it a chance. The food here was awesome! My husband isn't a big fan of Caribbean food, but the jerk won him over! I was impressed with the sides and my daughter's curry chicken, also.
First time coming to pho linh and it was awesome. They had this minced pork rice roll dish with Vietnamese sausages that most pho places don't have. Super addicted to it! Their pho was also good biggest test is the thirst test and they passed. I didn't feel the urge to drink 5 glasses of water the next morning.  The restaurant is family style and it seats a comfortable number of people.
Really disappointed. Seated over an hour and our food still wasn't there. The server made it seems like our fault for asking about our food. I guess it is a custom for customers to wait for food. \n\nSome of us received our food and found that the food was different from what we ordered. The server just say they ran out and did not inform us before hand.  \n\nAlso, the tip was calculated on the bill already and I honestly think the service wasn't worth the 15% paid! \n\nA simple apology for the long wait would avoid the disappointment. No matter how good the food, bad service will always turn clients away! \n\nGood for cake but never for food!
I love the revamp! So glad to see guys as servers and the ladies with more tasteful uniforms! Well done (considering it used to be trashy)! I also appreciate all the awesome beers on tap!! The fire pit outside is pretty awesome too :)
It's a very hidden place on Dupont street. It looks like a random quite house from the outside, but when you entered, it turns a very busy pub. I ordered the burrito and I like it! It's full of juicy, good quality beef, black beans, and rice. I've never seen any burrito would give me that much beef though! And they drizzled two different sauces, gives the burrito two totally different taste. Very entertaining!
Tandoori can deliver some great food, the spices and flavor are spot on. However, we've tried several times to order through yelpEat24 and they have failed miserably every time. Dine in.  Do not do take out.  If I could rate them on their performance alone for take out. Negative 10. $145 with a third of the order delivered is very disappointing.
I love the gyros here.\nI love their cucumber sauce even more :)\nYou can pick the size of gyro you want, so you can load up on as much as as little meat as you please.\n\nService is good and there is plenty of room to eat right in the restaurant.  The only "problem" is that you'll smell like gyro, onion, and grease when you leave.
This place seems to be one of the few choices in the area. It is the location that QVC and Zoetis house their employees coming from out of town. They advertise this weekly comp cocktail hour like if happens everyday, but don't be fooled it's only on Tuesdays. Starwood properties have Starbucks coffee in room which is a plus. Their restaurant is NOT good. Go across the driveway to potentially the worst outback in America, it's better than the restaurant here. The rooms need a remodel as there are some minor touches that are dated. Walls are thin so I always come here equipped with ear plugs and sleeping mask. To be honest, have not stayed up the street at holiday or hampton inn...but if you have a choice they might be worth a shot because nothing special is going on here. Three stars for the on sight bar which I would guess holiday inn and hampton don't have.
Forgotten that I had been here once before and swore I would never be back. Now I know why. Called earlier during the day to make sure they had gluten free buns because my son is allergic.  They said yes then when we ordered they said they just ran out. Then ordered spinach artichoke dip which on menu said served with chips.  Came out with bread. When I asked for chips they said the bread is their chips. Once again, my son can't eat it. The burgers are decent but the "house made" garlic knot is nothing to write home about. Service was slow and food sat under warmer forever. When I asked why no one else could bring it waitress said it wasn't her table. Don't bother with this place. So many other burger joints in Phoenix that are of far better quality and actually carry the things their menus offer.
My favourite dim sum place in Toronto because of the carts they serve the dim sum on and because the food is awesome!
I've only been here twice but I've been disappointed both times. Maybe it's because I got togo? \n\nThe good:\nGrilled pork in banh mi had good flavors.\n\nThe bad:\nBread was cold and not toasted enough, I work off thomas and central so it should be warm still by the time I get back to the office. \nMayonnaise is a poor substitute for pate.\nNo jalapenos in the sandwich (a staple in banh mi).\nVietnamese iced coffee had creamer in it (almost blasphemy).\n\nI will say, the pho was relatively good from what I can remember so stick to their soup based and rice dishes. \nOverall, probably won't come back. Too much against and not enough for from my experience.
I work at a upscale Italian restaurant at the Venetian and have been looking for closer Italian food, hopefully for cheaper, with similar taste and quality. Not anything like Olive Garden or Carrabas- ew. I just saw this place on my drive home, stopped and ordered a spaghetti amatriciana Togo. Still as hot as if it just left the kitchen, I'm eating this now at my house (10 mins after picking it up) and it is JUST what I was looking for. This is a fantastic dish. Delicious, hot, fresh, worth the price. I dare say it equals the $30 spaghetti amatriciana at my work. The garlic knots weren't anything spectacular but it's a free addition so who cares. I'm so happy I found this and can't wait to try everything else on the menu!
My first meal in Squirrel Hill while looking for an apartment (I'm moving from out of town) was at Napoli Pizzeria.  When I walked in there were several EMTs by the door, so I figured the food would be good.  What EMT would go to a bad pizza place?  \n\nAt the entrance to the left is the counter with some of the pies waiting to be heated back up in the oven and to the right several coolers with drinks in bottles from beer to soda.  I ordered two slices of pepperoni, which came out pretty quickly.  \n\nThe staff was friendly and the pizza had just about the right ratio of crust to cheese to sauce.  It was greasy, but not too greasy (read just the way I like it).  On a cold day, it was the perfect hot thing for lunch and wasn't too pricey either.
Known as one of the best pho places in the GTA. Being Viet, my opinion counts and I say - it really is! Always packed, get here early.
Nice food and service. It's good to have different ethnic dishes available in Scottsdale. I'll be back next time I'm in the mood for some spicy Indian food, and that will be soon!
My favorite Pho joint in Phoenix.  They even have a Keto Pho Thai with no noodles but broccoli and bok choy and other veggies.  So delicious and you won't miss the noodles.  Very friendly and accomadating.  Go check it out.
I usually eat healthy, well-balanced meals.  However, I occasionally indulge with something less health-friendly.  When I indulge, I go to Zorba's.  I order an enormous gyro with mountains of onion, tomato, cucumber sauce, and feta cheese.  A Zorba's gyro is heaven for the tastebuds.  \n\nUnfortunately, I usually get massive amounts of heartburn after eating at Zorba's, but it's totally worth it.\n\nI've been told that Zorba's has live music some nights, but I've never actually seen it.
Fantastic ambience. Some of the best Indian food I have ever had. Service is top notch. I completely recommend this to anyone who wants to have a truly memorable experience.
I've been here before and after they've remodeled / changed concepts and it is a decent place to grab sushi. Definitely not the freshest I've had, but pretty decent for the price. Only downfall is that since remodeled they've removed the sushi bar, which does make it a little awkward and less like a sushi place. Haven't tried any of their Vietnamese dishes yet, but will probably give them a try. Huge menu with tons of options. Worth checking out and making you own opinion.
While, my wife and I had enjoyed our previous visits, when we were in the area.  The business appears to have closed.  A hand written sign on the door basically says Sorry we have closed.  It was the only North America location that I am aware of.  Guess the next time were down under we will try them again.
Panagio's has still been my fave breakfast spot so I've been going back quite a bit but decided to try something new this time around!\n\nI got Carlito's Way; an omelette which has mozzarella, tomato scrambled together, drizzled with salsa verde. Along with toast, homefries and fruits. It was my first time trying salsa verde as well, after Googling what it was.\n\nIt was pretty busy that day so service was slightly on the slow side plus I saw miscommunication in the servers because some drama that happened while waiting for food.... Very unlike most of the trips I've been - this was slightly more chaotic. Along with tons more customers.\n\nFood came slower than usual but it could be because they were making my omelette. To be fair, I don't like tomatoes but still gave this a shot. Not exactly the best - I was debating against this or the Greek Omelette and regretted not getting the Greek instead.\nSalsa verde was slightly spicy as it does have a slight taste of jalapenos in it. As much as I like spicy food, it wasn't my cup of tea for breakfast on eggs. With the salsa verde and the tomatoes, it made the meal overall tasted really watery/soggy because of the liquid-meat ratio balance of the food.\n\nI hope to try something new my next visit and fall in love with it as I do enjoy coming here and would like to find more delicious items.
We picked this pizza place upon Yelp reviews, we were deceived.  I would say Reginos pizza belongs to the same category as Pizza Pizza.  The pizza was ok, but nothing special. Service was courteous and quick.
My first Duck Donuts experience was amazing! It's left me wanting more, and more, and more. I will admit, walking in and looking at everything left me feeling overwhelmed and confused. Make your own donuts, pick your own toppings, what to choose, what to get? But here's what you need to know: all donuts come with the same base donut (which is absolutely amazing!) Than you pick the "glaze" (chocolate, cinnamon sugar, vanilla, etc) and than add one topping (sprinkles, chocolate drizzle, powdered sugar). Donuts are ready in minutes, fresh and hot (easy to devour within seconds). \n\nIf nothing else, ask for recommendations from the cashiers or select one of their "pre-selected" options. Once I tasted the donut, I was sold! It's so delicious and inspires you to return with creativity!
Soft-shell crab very good but a little salty.\nGrilled Yellowtail Kama excellent!\n\nNot sure if I believe some of the bad reviews. Maybe they have gotten better or maybe we are just here on a really good day.
This is an update based on recent experiences with the service and food. I've been to Bampot 7 or 8 times now, and the service is consistently slow, aloof, and is dangerously bordering on bad. The most notable offences have been delivering tea with a TEN MINUTE delay to getting cups (with no staff to be found the entire time) and the incomprehensible water policy. Bampot staff won't get you water (in fact, they flat out refuse), and direct you instead to a water pitcher and glasses by the front desk. While this is okay in theory, it becomes a disaster in practice because the pitcher is always empty or there are no cups available. Mix this with the staff's propensity to disappear, and you're looking at long wait times to get water. If they want to continue this help yourself to water policy, they need a bigger pitcher or cooler and they need to be diligent about replacing cups. Aside from these two main problems, the staff do nothing to make you feel welcome and are actually quite rude. The food is also quite bad (e.g., poutine soup is waaaaay too salty), although the carrot cake and bits and bites are excellent. I wish they could get their service and food act together, because the potential here is high. Board games and tea selection are still great.
I absolutely love ordering my sub sandwich from this place! It is the best tasting sandwich, always made with ample amounts of meats and cheeses! I never get charged extra for my sides of sauce or extra pickles, and the customer service is always super friendly - - not to mention it is always so clean and tidy!! thank you for making my sandwiches so great!!
I went to Tandoori Times today for lunch with six of my co-workers for lunch. It was not the best Indian food I've had, but it was definitely not the worst (I had the achari lamb lunch special). But my experience there was horrible.\n\nMy issue with Tandoori Times was the service. Our waitress did not seem to care about our table at all, even though we were the largest party in the place. Maybe she felt that she did not need to work for her tip since it was automatically added to our bill. \n\nShe never checked on us to see if we needed anything. One of our party members even had to chase her down just find out where his food was after everyone else's food had shown up 10 minutes before.\n\nShe had issues with our check and stiffed us on our change. I bill was $97. Three people put in $20, another a $10, and three people asked her to charge $17 a piece on their credit cards. That totals $121.00. We asked for change from the cash. SHE CAME BACK WITH NO CHANGE AND WALKED AWAY. As we were already 30 minutes late from lunch and were in a hurry we left, but she swiped a $24.00 tip.\n\nEven though the food was good, the service was the worst I think I've ever had. I will not be returning to this restaurant any time soon.
My hubby and I went there tonight for our date night.\n\nWe were seated right away (we did make a reservation though). We ordered an app Fritto Misto. My hubby also ordered the 7oz tenderloin. I ordered the roasted mushroom risotto with no green onions. I am pregnant and I also don't want green onions because of taste not because of allergy.\n\nOur food came. The Fritto Misto was pretty good. My husband said his tenderloin was awesome and very tender (I didn't eat any because it's cooked medium and I can't have raw meat). My risotto came with green onions and our server Meghan took it back no questions asked. She came back and apologized and said their manager will also be stopping by to talk to us.\n\nThe manager came back with my replacement risotto and again apologized. He asked me when my baby is due and he said his wife is due in 2 weeks. My risotto was pretty good and I could enjoy it freely because it had no green onions.\n\nLater on we asked for the bill and our server said they comp'ed our appetizer because of the confusion with my risotto and again she apologized. She also congratulated us.\n\nI would say we had the best server. Meghan was very professional and very friendly. The manager was also very friendly and they really didn't have to comp our app but we really appreciate the fact that they went out of their way to make us feel special. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
I've been meaning to check out this cafe (and the Springs Preserve) for awhile, and am happy to say it's definitely a place I'll be keeping on my "go to" list.  As other reviewers have pointed out, you don't need to be a member of Springs Preserve to go to the Divine Cafe, although I would highly recommend making a pleasant day/afternoon of it and seeing the Preserve, along with the Nevada State Museum which is also there on the grounds.   It's extremely interesting, educational and also great if you have out of town relatives or friends who are bored with the same old same old hotels, bars, Strip stuff.  \n\nDivine Cafe is wonderful to get away from  the noise, congestion and tourists - that's why so many locals have found it and enjoy going there for a bite.  It's located on the second floor near the Origen building.  You can take the elevator or stairs to get there.  It's a very open, clean and attractive space with indoor and outdoor patio seating.  If you sit on the patio/deck as I did, you can get a beautiful panoramic view of the surrounding area, the Preserves, and off in the distance, the Strip. On a lovely day with cooler weather, it's certainly one of the more pleasant destinations around!\n\nYou order your food from a nicely varied menu that serves up food every bit as good as any restaurant in town. As others have pointed out, this is not some cheapo snack bar with crappy burgers and hot dogs.  This is quality food.   When you place your order, they give you a cute little table holder with your order number.  You can sit anywhere you like, indoor or outside.    Yes, the prices are a bit on the high side, thus my four stars, however, it may be worth it to you for the location and quality.  I had the Angus burger ($9.50) and it was very good.  High quality beef, bacon strips, arugula leaves instead of the usual lettuce....I was very pleased! I ordered it "well done" and guess what?  It was cooked PERFECTLY!  None of that icky red beef that seems to be the "in" thing for burgers these days.  And the meat patty was still wonderfully juicy and had that top sirloin flavor that you'd expect from high quality beef. The bacon strips were also perfect - neither too thick nor too thin, crunchy yet not chewy as is often found on burgers today.  It  came with fries which were nicely seasoned, crisp, and flavorful.    \n\nIn addition to the burger, I had the hazelnut beignets which came with TWO yummy dipping sauces - raspberry and caramel.  Price:  $6.00.  Again, a bit pricey but there was enough for two, so it was definitely splittable.  Total:  a bit over $16.00.  But hey, this is sort of a unique place, in the Preserves, with a view, so I guess you'd have to say you're paying for the ambiance.  The food is very good and is really  better than other places I've been, both on and off the Strip.  Bottom line, I'd for sure go back and would be happy to bring out of town visitors here for an enjoyable day of browsing the Spring Preserves and then topping it off with a lovely lunch/brunch on the patio looking out at the view. You can also order beer and wine, although I didn't check that out.  I can see how it would be really nice to sit with a drink for awhile there.   Servers and staff were friendly helpful and very professional.    \n\nDivine Cafe opens at 11am (weekdays), 10am on weekends (brunch),  and closes  at 3pm, so be sure to time your Preserves browsing to end  back at Divine Cafe around 1:00 or so, you don't want to feel rushed to eat and leave by 3pm.   Thanks Divine Cafe, for a very enjoyable meal!  Looking forward to doing brunch next time and having  the french toast! I'm sure it's fab!
I absolultely LOVE gyros so this is a no-brainer for me. I feel like this place is a staple of quick, delicious campus food. It's pretty much a total hole in the wall, but it's totally Illini, everything about the decor just screams it. Not to mention the gyros are bomb. Go if you haven't already!
Terrible late night happy hour. Food sucked prices
The best Pho in the city? Not a certainty. The best pho in downtown east? A definite certainty! Don't bother with the useless hipster joints on ossington, this is it. Always get raw beef and always get it on the side.
Awesome service, great food and drinks, ask for Zack for your special events.  We organized a party of twenty 12 year olds for our daughters 12th Bday party and had half the venue for our group. Will definitely come back for more parties including adult group events.
I wish I lived closer so I could hang out here - they're serious about their teas - I tried two and both were nice. I also really like the neo-Moroccan decor which divides the place into a variety of cozy nooks and the board games are a nice touch (though they could branch out into more "hardcore" board games) and the relaxed, friendly atmosphere. Wish I hadn't eaten lunch before arriving so I could tell you about the food...
My husband and I come here whenever we need a quick meal and I have yet to be disappointed. We have probably been here a total of 10 times at least; a few times with other couples but mainly just the two of us. The ambiance is why I fell in love with this place. It is so clean and open with beautiful woods and reds- it is inviting and homey. The menu is insanely diverse although I usually stick with the Spicy Thai Basil Chicken or Spicy Tangerine.  My husband loves the Sushi and no longer has to drive to Ru San's for his fix.\n\nThe service has never been less than awesome. Never hesitate to customize an order as they are never hesitant to customize it for you. As long as you know what to expect- not quite a Benihana but definitely superior to Panda Express, I think you might be pleasantly surprised.
Went there since they had a promotion for $7.99 chicken and rice bowl or something. I watched the girl scoop each scoop and putting some back in so I won't get extra chicken in the scoop. The bowl was not even half full and I paid 9.03 total for it. I am 5'6 130 and not full can you imagine an average person eating that? U are giving me a special not charity. The original bowl is like $8.xx and all you are doing is eliminating a few pieces of beans. The worst? They charge you cheap bottles of water for $2.50. Like really? I know the rent is high. If you need to charge me $15 for a meal so be it as it is a speciality but please don't leave me half full nor rip me off with a cheap bottle of water when I know it cost u 20 cents to buy it.
Came as part of a large wedding party and the service was outstanding!  We were given a private room with just enough space for the entire party.  Service, though slow because of the size of our party, was prompt and polite.   The food was excellent and the two servers made sure we had enough drinks, salad, and breadsticks.   After the great experience, I would certainly consider this Olive Garden for a function of my own.
I have to say, Kevin and I are not a fan of cake donuts.  They are normally dry, dense, and leave a bad after taste.  One of my coworkers brought these donuts in one day and I thought they were good!  I told Kevin we needed to go, and he kind of had the eh, not really interested, they are cake donuts.  I somehow convinced him to try them out on a Saturday afternoon after we had finished hiking.\n\nWe arrived to Duck donuts and I ordered a maple bacon, chocolate peanut butter, strawberry blackberry, vanilla cookie, and strawberry with chocolate sprinkles (was supposed to have been taken off as I went with the strawberry blackberry instead as suggested by the guy at the counter, oh well, not an awful mistake, just unnecessary).\n\nThey were quick to make the donuts.  As soon as I got back in the car with Kevin, I opened up the box and had to have a bite (had to put the dog in the back seat and make him suffer!).  We immediately had a bite of the maple bacon and strawberry blackberry - both excellent!  Kevin was already hooked!  They are awesome when they are warm and freshly made, of course very messy that way, but oh so worth it.  \n\nWe tried the others we tried the next morning - reheated up in the microwave - still good!!  The chocolate peanut butter was also a hit.  The strawberry with chocolate sprinkles, eh, a miss, and really should have not been part of the order.  The vanilla cookie was also just okay.  I think it would have been better had the cookies actually been cut up chunks of the cookie to bite, rather than the fine crumb, can't really taste that it is a cookie on top.\n\nKevin already wants to go back, more than I do, which is a huge surprise, but I think they won him over with the large quantity of crumbled bacon on the donut.  We can't wait to go back and try others.\n\nOverall, excellent, the best cake donuts and at a wonderful price!  We will be back.  Only con is that they have very little seating inside and do not have much  outdoor seating (which is sad for a very dog friendly area), but it's not like they have the room for tables and chairs either.
The prices on the menu are very reasonable. However, the meat in the dumplings occasionally tastes rotten. Additionally, the woman at the counter (owner?) often doesn't use a calculator and she overcharged me by a few dollars on my bills many times. I believe she does this intentionally. Ensure that you know what the prices are and check the calculations on your bills carefully before you hand her your money.
This is my new spot! I'm Sicilian and very picky. The food is fabulous! The four of us all tried something different and we were all delighted with our selections! The service was warm and friendly. Such a great experience I can't wait to come back!
Bad customer service and servers put their hand always into the bowls and wipe sweat from forehead with them. No hygiene followed of gloves washing hands, scratching face hair etc.. \nAnd to top it off pretty rude and intolerant bunch of people. Food is ok but really for me its always customer service and hygiene. bad place
We had two omletes, teo sides of bacon and coffee.  $42. Yeah, that isnt happening again ever.  A child could make an omlete so a good omlete is one that is cooked.  Nothing specual there.  I shouldnt have looked at the bill.   Any satisfaction left at that point.
Thoroughly enjoy coming to Gameworks. Keep in mind as an adult the games should be the second reason for coming to this place and everything else ie food, drinks, the company youre with should be first. If the first is of good quality then the value of the games or their working conidition should  be second. \n\nWith all of that said i always have a great time. Their happy hour, i think they have two, always hits the spot and the food is a great price and the quality is better than the strip for some items.  I kept it simple and just got the bbq bacon burger. I know, but im a burger guy. It was one of the best I've had. Sometimes you get them and they are outrageously big or dry or pricey, but this one was phenomenal.  The bartender was great at making a Cadillac margarita and quick with the food and any refills.  Forgot her name but shes on the younger side. Fun to converse with. \n\nIll go back because im focused on Gameworks as an all around great meeting spot for first dates, friends or family looking to spend an evening or afternoon out of the house with breaking the bank.
Going to this restaurant, we did not know what to expect. We had read a bad review in the National Post, so our expectations were quite low. We were expecting simple tex-mex food (which we do like - even if it is just nachos and enchiladas).\n\nHowever, we were completely surprised by the depth of flavour in all the dishes and their salsas! We had the fiesta nachos, chicken salad, and fish (halibut) tacos. Everything was just spectacular! Subtle flavours are present in each dish that are pleasantly surprising as each bite offers something different. \n\nThe staff was very nice and the service was great - but really, the food is what makes this place special. I can't wait to go back!
Fair price and most items taste great. I would have said 4 stars if the restaurant didn't get so chaotic during peak times. Go early or expect to fight for scraps. No joke, the last time I was there patrons were running up to carts and pushing each other to get stuff. Crazy!
Be prepared to be disappointed by every other pho place from this point forward. Every time I eat my delicious bowl of beef ball pho, I think I could eat it for every meal, forever. It's just so good, and the ingredients are really fresh. I haven't tried any of the non-pho menu items yet, but watching them come out of the kitchen they look great too. But I just can't stop ordering the pho! Large bowl always and they bring it out filled to the brim, the server verrry carefully setting it down. It's 8.50 taxes in for a bowl and if you give them a 20 they down give you back a handful of change either. I would probably tip more if they did!
Sat for 20 minutes in an icy booth.   3 waitresses came near us, but didn't ever acknowledge us.   We asked the hostess, but she shrugged her shoulders.   We left.
I'm a fan of Hero Burgers. The burger I got was good as usual (I had it for breakfast at 11am as the restaurant opened) but what I loved about this location was the Pop machine - it was awesome! You can literally make a mix of any pop you like (bottomless) and there are flavors you wouldn't normally find at a regular pop machine (Cherry Coke, Vanilla Coke, etc.).\n\nI'll be back here for sure - even if it's just for the pop.
The food here is great. I always get the brisket and the large size. It's more than enough for 2 meals so it cuts the cost down considerably. The bread and the fillings are always fresh and the restaurant is spotless. I have been to other Firehouse locations and the service has always been great but not so much here. I deducted one star because I had to actually walk around the counter into the back of the restaurant to find someone to give me a bag to take my leftovers home in. The guy and the girl were just sitting around talking and laughing and looked really annoyed that I showed up to break up their little party. They gave me the bag politely and even apologized for the wait but I saw the look on their faces and I should not have had to wait at the counter by myself for 5 minutes.
LOVE Zorba's. Amazing food, quality customer service, you can tell this business takes pride in their work and values their customers.
First time trying Firehouse after hearing their radio ad. Ordered through ubereats and lets just say I'm never ordering from Firehouse through ubereats again. \nSoup was delivered upside-down and half leaked out. \nAdded salt, black pepper, and oil to my BLT sub. \nGood size sub but could not even finish half of my sandwich. \nIt was drenched in salt and totally inedible. \nMight try again another time but definitely going in and going to a different location.
I asked one of my Vietnamese coworkers which is her favorite Pho joint. After searching google maps for a good 20min we finally found her favorite place. "I'll check it out!", i told her.\n\nApparently the place has been running for awhile, and is a favorite of local Vietnamese.\n\nThe pho however has the fat "fresh" noodles which I'm not a fan of, so unfortunately will not be back visiting when there are half a dozen pho joints within 15min walk of where I live. \n\nPlace was small, but service was good!\n\n\n\nFood: 3\nService: 4\nAtmosphere: 3\nOverall: 2 of 5 stars
I've been to a few Gameworks before and this spot is lagging in the fun aspect. They don't have a huge selections on games and looks like they just scrambled to put the most discounted arcade games in one room and called it a day. Most of the games were also out of order. I feel like the prices are reasonable in locations that have more to offer but this place didn't offer much. I'm very disappointed.
Been here multiple times and have had great experiences but the last time inbound it humorous that when I asked what IPA's they had on draft the server said Budweiser, you're typical hire a attractive girl that knows nothing of her job.
40% of games were out of order...on their first Saturday?  Trying to redeem card points is awkward at best. You walk into their retail room and hopefully someone will ask you if you want to see what you can get!  We had to ask to find out how many points we had.  Redemption is fair, at best. Games aren't great, most don't work.  Restaurant is large and expensive.  Pretty disappointing in comparison to the Gameworks we had on The Strip.
This is the 2nd time being here and the first was okay, I just got a grilled cheese but my friend got a burger and she said it was overcooked. This time I ordered a burger and she got steak sandwich, we both ordered medium rare...I thought that means pink in the middle...well, they both came out well done. Granted they tasted fine, but when you prefer your meat cooked a certain way, you'd hope it is. If you order, order well below how you like your meat, it will likely come out more done then expected. I guess next time I will ask they don't even kill the cow, just embarrass it =-p
I want to go back!!! It was soooo good the vegetarian pho omg the vegetarian pho is a must!
Waiter was very knowledgable about menu and choices. All the food was very good, and well executed. Certainly an above average experience. After much consideration, did not rate a 5 due to better Indian food in Boston. Best Indian food we have found in the Phoenix area.
Great restaurant. Service is awesome. Owners care.....beer selections are different and very well .... prices are very reasonable.....it is very clean and has a nice patio. Definitely check it out. Mondays are Burger night......very inexpensive menu for a great food.
Delicious warm donuts! Duck Donuts was recommended to me and they did not disappoint. I brought a variety dozen into work and everyone  loved me!
Sadly it is smaller than I would have expected. They could use more rides. I miss the one they had on the strip. That one was DOPE. Anyways, it is a cool place for little kids, but the whole family would have a better time at Circus Circus :)
Not even almost good!\nThe squid salad was bland, rubbery and simply not fresh.\nTables were sticky! \nService was terrible! \nMy husband's soup came\nten minutes before my chicken soup which had crab rather than chicken.\nThe soup was spilled and then literally wiped in my lap, which became funny after a certain point because I felt like I this had to be some kind of prank, but unfortunately not. \nAlso was given sweet tea rather than un-sweet twice (I really don't think the waitress understood English at all.) \nHave had much better food and service at the mall! \nThis was our last time to be disappointed at this location.
A four star just for the view alone...if you sit in the outdoor area that is. I've been lucky in that each time I've eaten here, I get a primo seat on a primo day and you can look out over the Preserve and far beyond. Very nice.\n\nAs for the food - it's good too. Used to be a Wolfgang Puck branded place, menu is a little different now, in fact they offer a good daily special board. It's run by the Culinary Institute now.\n\nHad their BBQ pork sandwich, served with homemade crinkle cut chips (very tasty). The BBQ sauce was very smokey flavored, thick and a good balance of sweet and savory. Well done Culinary Institute! \nThey offered a roasted butternut squash soup which was nicely prepared/presented (in fact all their food is) and tasted good.\n\nIt's a nice place to relax a bit in between or after checking out the Preserve.
It's a little high for basic glazed doughnuts but go for the maple bacon doughnuts and it doesn't get much better than. Save time and order ahead. All nuts are great!!
My first and maybe last visit since the new ownership. Very disorganized, the scale is next to the line so anyone could sneeze on your food, the meat was cold, the tables were dirty and no one was wiping them off. I hope they get to the standards I expect from Zorbas but it will be a while before I return.
Great place for Sushi and steak teriyaki.  My husband and I went there for the first time and I ordered be California crunch roll as well as the volcano roll. My husband ordered the Teriyaki steak rice and salad. It was really good and we received great customer service and we are definitely coming back time every time we crave Sushi.
We gave this a try after reading about it on madisonfishfry.com. Glad we did! We split the walleye and the perch - both were excellent, and worthy of 5 stars on their own. Washed it down with a good Old Fashioned. The only knock I have is that the sides - coleslaw, rolls, fries, and loaded potato - were just average. Otherwise, this was a great find and worth the trip over from the west side!\n\nOne piece of advice: We got there on Friday at 5:15 and it took about 30 minutes for our food to come out. The table next to us had people sit down at about 6:00, and they were told it would take an hour for their food to come out, so get there early!!
The original PC chain - loud and squishy but it ads to the vibe of the place. Food is awesome - personal fav are the crispy brisket tacos and fried fish tacos. There are some great cocktails at this location that they don't have at the other PC outposts. Because it is such a small resto it can be hard to get into so definitely make a reservation to avoid disappointment.
Honestly, sushi is overpriced and mediocre. I am a sushi fanatic and have been to every place around town and this one is my least favorite. Akahana has better sushi, pricing and taste. Also if you want to do the BOGO free sushi you CANT get it to go AND You HAVE to buy a drink to receive the deal, As other places they will still honor the free sushi and don't require drink purchase. \n\nLASTLY, my mother got the pork and it was PURE FAT. Tasted terrible and was gross. She then ordered green curry chicken and they served her RED curry. This place is just mediocre. \n\nUPDATE: SINCE THIS REVIEW... I was personally attacked by the GENERAL MANAGERS DAUGHTER, and the general manager. How disgustingly unprofessional. Not only do I not recommend the food, now GM  daughter will attack you on Facebook for a bad review. \n\nI will name no names but I am still\nshocked at how disgusting the customer service is.
I. LOVE. THESE. DONUTS.\nWe had our lives changed by Duck Donuts Saturday morning, where we got our first half dozen. We were back Sunday to get a full dozen because they were so good. My boyfriend and I enjoyed these so much. He shed a single tear after his first bite, i wish i had filmed it. These are worth the trip, and worth the experience. The customers are soooo friendly. The cashiers have been not so friendly on both trips. Which really left a bad taste in our mouth. But the staff handing out our freshly boxed donuts were always very kind and upbeat! Bottom line, we will be here regularly. But i hope we run into more polite cashiers since thats our first point of contact when we visit.
I got out of class early tonight and I was starving. I drove by Isa's pizza which was, unfortunately, closed. I decided to stop in to Charr as they were still open and close by.  I sat at the bar and the bartenders we very friendly. I ordered the fried zucchini and a blue moon. They are very generous with the zucchini even though it is only an appetizer and the beer was cold and refreshing. The zucchini came with a side of ranch, but I prefer marinara, which they did not have, but they were able to accommodate me with their pomodoro soup which is very similar. I will definitely be going back and bringing friends. :)
Have a bad experience the other day when ordering food through the drive-through. Left a comment with the manager and he called me back. Nick explained this was not normal procedure for this McDonald's and offered to make up for the bad food. Went in today to take him up on that offer. Items were cooked to order, made fresh, and great quality. Nick going that extra step made the return trip enjoyable so that I would come back.
Duck Donuts is such a fun place to come eat for any age! You get to pick all your toppings and glazes and the donuts are made right in front of you and served WARM.  The warmness of these donuts makes you want to devour them all on the spot. I have never had a donut combination I didn't like, but my favorite is the coconut island bliss
Reading throughout the reviews in the past year. Games have been broken and still have not been fixed. I've talked to multiple managers and game techs and I guess they just refuse to fix the games. Terrible arcade management.  And they also doubled the ticket prices  on most of the high end items ( Xbox one PS4 iPads ). Shitty arcade would not reccomend. \n\nIf they have a broken game they will just turn the machine off and machines will be. broken weeks and weeks or forever. Literally .
My love for Duck Donuts runs deep. Being a Charlotte girl, I've always loved the donuts that shall not be named, but nothing beats a Duck Donut when you went to the Carolina coast! I love having this slice of heaven in Charlotte. It instantly reminds me of the coast.
Went for lunch.  Ordered something from the Lunch special menu.  After 40 minutes of not receiving our food or we left unfed.  I've had decent experiences here before, but today they missed the boat entirely.  Sitting here before my 1:30 meeting, eating the last pieces of heat lamp dried pizza from my company's cafeteria, wondering what the chicken saag would have tasted like.
Used to eat here all the time when I lived in the neighborhood. The food is cheap, comes out quick and piping hot! It's a very tight space however, and there is always a line up during lunch and dinner on the weekends. They have weekend specials - the bun bo hue is really good. I never get the rice or vermicilli dishes but they look ok - I'd stick to the noodle soups.
I'm retracting all hype!! \n\nWe arrived on time for our reservation, which could not be found. The fact that I received a survey request from OpenTable confirms that we did have a reservation, and I'm not sure why PC can't manage to keep track of this given that they've outsourced the work. We were still seated immediately, but things continued to go downhill. Service was unbelievably slow, although the restaurant was much emptier than usual. Time from ordering guacamole to getting it was TWENTY FIVE mins. Time from guacamole being picked up to entrees dropped off was FORTY mins. Crazy!! PC is also loud and cramped, things which used to be trendy/cool, but are now just getting tired. I'd much rather grab some no nonsense tacos at Tacos El Asador and call it a day.
Went there for the Thursday happy hour. Had a  glass of the cabernet on happy hour. Tasted great...so I had two. \n\nThe bacon and date flatbread was excellent and I'm not a big fan of dates. I would come back and order that though. I would give that five stars.  \n\nI was not impressed with the sliders on the happy hour menu. Actually very very disappointing. The whoopie sauce was basically ketchup and the buns tasted dry like they had been sitting out for days. The meat was way overcooked and lacked any flavor. \n\nI had a bite of the lotsa mozza salad. It was good. It didn't look like a traditional salad. It was on a polenta cake that tasted like cornbread and had marinara and arugula on top. It was quite good. I would recommend trying it. \n\nAlso had the chicken Verde nachos. They were huge! Not very impressed with the taste though but nothing really that bad about them either. \n\nJust whatever you do don't get the sliders or else you may never come back. Glad the other people I came with ordered better than I did and let me sample a little bit of everything on the happy hour menu. Had a nice time and the view on the patio was spectacular.
Amazing pho - the rare beef was perfection and the spring rolls are awesome (get the hot not the cold) you can't do better in this city for the dollar - the place is always packed. We will absolutely be back!!
I dunno. I thought the bread was a little too thick and there was a little too much wet dripping out of the back end as I held the sandwich. I got the italian sub... thought it was going to be a cold sandwich, but the cheese was melted on top of the meat. Salami was a bit thin and the ham had just a little too much of that fake smoke flavor. \n\nBut Yelp is for my opinion, right?
I was expecting event type food at a really high price. But what I actually got was a big cheeseburger with good meat and seasoned fresh fries. I was blown away. Price was good for what I got.
Went in for an online order.  Burgers, shakes, and one drink.  The food was done a few minutes late, we were handed a bag but the shakes and drink were missing.  They also deleted the order and then had to look it up again which took a while.  Finally someone starts making the shakes when the store manager ordered her to stop and go to the register instead, leaving them sitting there unmade.  By the time we got the entire order it was 15 minutes later.  The food by then was ice cold even though we live less than 5 minutes away.  And the final insult, all the shakes were wrong(all vanilla although none were ordered that way.  Very disappointed in this location.  Manager extremely unprofessional.
I don't understand why it has bad reviews at all. This place is so fun and great for both kids and adults! There's a bar in here, they server food, and though it's a little pricey, it's worth every dime! It's a great idea for a night out with your friends. You can just drink and enjoy time with your friends! I recommend coming here. It's right next to the theater and Guitar Center!
When I lived in Charlotte, I worked across the street from Duck Donuts. I should give them one-star for what they did to my waistline but I'll have some mercy.\n\nIt can be hard to catch that "hot" light at Krispy Kreme, but the donuts are ALWAYS fresh here. My favorites were the plain, regular-glaze, maple-icing and cinnamon sugar. You can mix and match your dozens to fit your office's preferences and make sure everybody gets what they like. And, because the donuts are so damn fresh, they are still warm after your commute to wherever you're going.\n\nThe donuts are large, so one is equal to two Krispy Kreme donuts in my opinion. \n\nThis location is totally accessible on the bus, if you are not a driver in Charlotte. You can catch the outbound 6K (Kings Drive) and get off at the East Blvd and Scott Ave stop, and walk about one country block. Then go home via taking the 25 to the lightrail, and lightrail to the bus station.\n\n4 stars instead of 5, only because the place could look just a tad cleaner.
Went for the white sangria and wasn't disappointed .   The Chicken burrito was fabulous and very filllibg great atmosphere too
Solid. Nothing really outstanding that I can think of but it's decent price for the quality of sushi. Oh, the kitchen closes really early so I've been there a couple of times and been turned away.
Just left this place and was very disappointed. The pho was okay. Asked for filet pho got regular beef. Asked for lemon in my water got a dry lime sliver. The spring rolls were filled with bag lettuce and the crepe was super greasy.  Guess I'll be going back to Pho Than :/
Best. Donuts. Ever. Seriously, stop in and try them out. Good coffee too, but the donuts are hard to beat! Doesn't even have to be for breakfast, stop in for an afternoon snack!
The broth i just opened and sipped was all OIL.  I almost threw up. It stayed on my upper lip like petroleum.  Super disappointed because they are so close to my house.  The spring rolls I had were ok and maybe they are good with other dishes but for me, NEVER again.
I ordered the lamb chop and much to my delight I actually receive part of a rack of lamb. Succulent. Broccoli soup was delicious. Service was superb. Atmosphere is at the same time classy but with a family feel. \n\nDon't miss the desserts. Can't be beat.
Split the Panagio's big breakfast with my bf, it was very filling overall and was a good deal.  \nHowever, the waitress was rude in a quiet way, and it really bothered us.  \nReally liked how the toast actually had butter on it, unlike at the other breakfast places I've tried.  \nThe fries were really good though, but it had some weird flavouring that tasted like bbq chips.  \n\nOverall, good food worth every dollar but could have better wait staff
I'm obsessed with the food here. Obsessed. The environment is a typical dive bar, nothing flashy, but it's a comfortable spot to come and relax. Did I mention the food?\nIn fairness, I've only tried two dishes, both five dollar specials. This is a great deal, maybe even a steal for the amount of food you receive.\n\nI tried the gluten free veggie ramen. The noddles were tasty, not overdone. The egg complemented the broth and vegetables, and it warmed me up on a cold night. \nI basically plan on coming back and trying everything else on the menu. I also keep meaning Tj hit up one of their trivia nights. They have really fun themes here. Overall whoever runs this place has my full approval.
Came in tonight to a nearly deserted restaurant. Our party was large but overall we did not have a complex order. Our appetizers took about an hour to finally receive finishing everything.  We ordered only a few different ones, yuzu pork belly(extremely small portion...4 1" square pieces of pork belly for $5!) Chicken wings, which were the ones to take so long, we ordered 8 orders and received half after about 30 minutes. The other half arrived after we were nearly done with our ramen. They had no flavor, all i could taste was charred chicken.\n\nOn to the main course.. the ramen. \nAll of the broth we tried was very WRONG. \n\nTonkotsu ramen\nThe epitome of what many consider to be ramen, tastes nothing like I have ever tasted at any ramen place. Bland and uninspired. Noodles undercooked. Pork belly burnt. Not enough soup in the bowl, toppings short of making a wholesome bowl. \n\nSpicy miso ramen\n\nThe same review as you see above stands for this ramen. It was hard to even sense any flavor added from the miso,  in fact it didn't even appear to be a different soup from the tonkotsu at all!\n\nTom Yam\n\nAll of the above stands for this ramen. Only order this if you absolutely LOVE the taste of lemongrass. As that is all you will ever taste out of this ramen.\n\nGangnam ramen.\n\nSupposedly a Korean ramen. Again, noodles undercooked. Not a single piece of kimchi in the soup,  despite it being listed as an ingredient. In fact, i'd wager that no kimchi was used at all in the production of this soup. It tastes like they pour a little cholula into their Tonkotsu and call it good.\n\nNow let's hit on some drinks. The selection is extremely poor for a Japanese restaurant. Only a few offerings available that are japanese. And the price, wow. $9 for a large Asahi. It's sad to report that the Asahi was the best tasting item served at this restaurant. I was really hoping for something good to finally be in the phoenix area, but those hopes are dashed.
Excellent breakfast place. Unlike other breakfast places, this place is not loud. The staff are very friendly and accommodating.  I have been here for breakfast numerous times. The pricing is reasonable.\nIt is hard to find decent breakfast places in Scarborough.
Went in for a nice lunch with my mother and it was alright. So we got the lunch specials which was around 10 to 14 dollars. Each came with bread and soup. \n\nThe bread appeared to be home made and was extremely good. Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The soup wasn't hot however, it was slightly warm.\n\nThe meal itself was alright. I got the black pepper chicken and the chicken was tender AF HOLLLLLY. IT WAS GOOD. came with a salad and 2 spring roles. \n\nHostess gave us free cake which was also amazing!\n\nWould come again!
Not a bad place to be honest.\nFood is decent and service is okay.\nWe received a free newspaper so that's pretty nice
Came for the midnight event for League of Legends world finals..  Extremely organized event, unlimited gaming with the purchase of the event ticket, and free food.  Count me in!\n\nThe company is always adding new games.  Last time I went there (last week), I found a new Kung Fu Panda game which was ridiculously fun.  \n\nThere's a pretty good computer/lan center that hosts video game and computer game tournaments.  I'm pretty sure they do Hearthstone tournaments every other Sunday.\n\nThe one thing I'm still wondering is when I signed up for "four free hours" of computer time during the midnight League of Legends of event, I never received those free hours the next time I came back.  \n\nOther than that, there are a good amount of games to win tickets and the prizes are great if you have a kid.  I've already won a giant care bear for my daughter.\n\nFinally, almost forgot, there is bowling.  I believe there were 8 lanes.  The games are not expensive and you can order food there.   \n\nGreat place for kids and adults.
Food is always hot, fresh and delicious! Service depends on how busy they are, but is usually great! Our order is always correct and shakes/malts are made fresh, not out of a machine! Yummy!!
They sure cook up a delicious Bahn Mi!  Can't wait to come again for some pho.
Everything about this cafe is amazing. The food, the service and of course the view. You can bring your kids for a great lunch and some fun or even happy hour with friends for a glass of wine and a perfect shot of the strip. \n\nThe catering that comes out of this place is fantastic as well, I have now had several events catered by them and have never had a bad dish. In fact, the majority of dishes that I've had, I've begged for the recipe. \n\nYou absolutely cannot go wrong with Divine Cafe.
Here's the thing about the food there.  While it is tasty, it is so overly expensive.  I would recommend eating offsite, if you can.
Came in late on a Friday night. Were able to get the last order of cod they had, so went with one cod and one walleye. The cod was done really well, walleye was above average but not the best in Madison. \n\nThe owner was behind the bar frying the fish. Was awesome getting to see him in action, hand breading every piece and frying it up to a perfect golden brown. \n\nIf you love fish at a dive bar, this is your place. IF you are looking for more of an ambiance, go elsewhere. \n\nGood, solid food with no frills.
I've been following Red Koi since the sign went up before they opened, and I waited to write a review until I could give them four stars. They have definitely improved over time. This is Izakaya-style pub food, not Japanese fine dining, and they do a good job of it.\n\nOur most recent meal was the best yet. We had five dishes plus sake during happy hour, thoroughly enjoyed all of it, and the check was just $31. For $2, the tempura onions are a delicious no-brainer addition to any meal. The chicken katsu is excellent (though the pork katsu, when I've had it, has been tough). The sushi is great and beautifully presented, though anything dipped in soy and wasabi tastes good to me (having taught English in Japan for a year, I enjoy sushi, but am no connoisseur). At a previous meal, my wife ordered fried rice but wanted the meat replaced with vegetables. The chef added small brown mushrooms that looked gorgeous and added a wonderful earthy note to the rice. \n\nI have one big gripe with Red Koi. They serve pho. Not ramen, pho. I love pho, but there are dozens of Vietnamese pho joints along the Dobson Asian corridor that make it much, much better than Red Koi ever will. Why, Red Koi, why? Do you want to make good Japanese food, or sink into pan-Asian mediocrity?
Stopped by tonight after the wait for BJ's was almost an hour. Saw that this was a new place, so decided to try it out!\n\nFirst, was served cold tap water. Bleh. Vegas water is gross lol We were greeted by a very nice server (I wish I had taken down her name!) After hearing the specials, I ordered the eggplant parm, my husband ordered the chicken parm, and my little one got spaghetti. \n\nMy little one wanted my angel hair pasta that came with mine instead of her own spaghetti, so I got to eat her meatballs. Yum! The eggplant parm was really yummy! My husband said his chicken parm was really good too. \n\nFor desert, I had an almond cookie, my husband had a canolli, and the baby had an almond desert with a cherry on top. All were really good! \n\nOnly complaint I have is that the kids meals are way overpriced. $8 for spaghetti is crazy.
I don't recommend it, food was less than Ok and service was terrible although the place was barely empty.
Best Pho Ever! \n\nFirst off Cash only\n\nHave the beef and tripe Pho with an  extra side  of basil and bean sprouts and go extra large \n\nEnjoy! \n\nThe rolls are super fresh too\n\n\nPho is all about the broth.... And they have the broth in spades and really  Milk  the beef bones and marrow  for all its taste \n\nBest devoured on super cold days and Toronto has that.... Kansas city too but their Pho is like dishwater
The fries were great. Out of the way.\n\nThe ramen (herbivore ramen) was bland. I requested no egg and they included it anyway. I don't think they put nearly enough flavor in the ramen. I wouldn't buy most of their food again outside of the fries, especially since they failed to not put the egg in which ruined the meal.\n\nIf I got this ramen in the restaurant and not delivered I would have sent it back. I don't want to eat it because it's so bland. Don't get the ramen. Just get the fries.
We were in the area heading to the mall and just used good old yelp to find a quick good meal. Lucky this place showed up with such high ratings. From the outside, it looks really small and just off to the side, but it's actually really nice and cozy inside. It's spacious enough that you aren't really close to those who might sit next to you and it's clean and bright.\n\nBut enough of the decor. The food was great! We got the regular pho which wasn't anything too special but it wasn't bad. It's a decent portion with a strong broth. We also got calamari which I think was good but I don't know if I like my fried calamari with a sweet and sour dipping sauce. When in Vietnam, you kinda have to expect that sweet and sour flavoring though.\n\nI got the mint garden special vermicelli per Yelpers recommendation and it didn't disappoint. The grilled meat was a bit tough but I liked the flavors. Very fresh :) \n\nI'm a bit picky about Viet food just because it's literally everywhere and sometimes it's really just noodles in soup passed off as Viet pho. But I would return here :)\n\nService by the way is amazing. Really friendly! Gotta love a family establishment!
Food is okay, but really not special or made specially well. Ive had breakfast, lunch and dinner here before and it's like they don't put much care into the way dishes. \n\nAnd to add basic things is always some ridiculous extra charge. Hot chocolate, coffee, etc is regular but Ovaltine which is the same is 1.00 more. You get a french toast with peanut butter and condensed milk and they just drizzle enough for two bites. Honestly, what are you trying to save on? \n\nWouldn't recommend this place and wouldn't really want to return.
Raul is the sever to have. He's charismatic, attentive, fun and makes the best mojitos!\n\nWe started off with the octopus taco appetizer. The flavor was great and the texture was pretty good. While I was told the tacos aren't much to write home about... apparently it is all about the toastados! My friends got the vegetarian while I had the chicken version. WOW. They're huge and delicious. You can't dine here without trying one. My friend's husband had a burrito which he really enjoyed. We were given guacamole & chips & churros later on. The guacamole was pretty good and churros were amazing! Crispy yet soft and full of flavor. We also ordered the tres leches for dessert. Let me tell you, I'm not a dessert person, but I could not stop eating it!\n\nIt's not a big restaurant, but the service and food is amazing!
Stopped by for brunch. The food is healthy and fresh. The hummus was pretty decent and even my husband enjoyed his buffalo wrap.
Very good.  The broth was very rich.  I haven't had broth this good in the valley.  It's almost comparable to Viet Noodle Bar in Vegas.  The tendon and the rare beef were both tender and had a lot of flavor.  \n\nThe pork/shrimp spring rolls were fresh and sticky.  Just like I like them.  \n\nHuge portions.  Friendly service.  And the A/C works!\n\nI'll be back.
This is my go-to sushi place in Gilbert. There is a great variety of sushi, and non sushi items, and the food is consistently good. I always bring sushi lovers here, and they always want to come back.\n\nThe only reason I gave 1 star is because my husband, who does not like sushi, was not a fan of the teriyaki. I agree that it was bland.
I  have to write that I was disappointed.  The problem may have been the waiter but our appetizers didn't come until 10 minutes later when we had to remind him that it hadn't arrived (he forgot).  He forgot the Channa Masala and we were too far into our meal to ask for it again.  He didn't ask us how hot we wanted our food so it all came out bland without much spice.\n\nIf you look at my ratings for Indian cuisine, I pretty much love all of it.  By far the best I have found in the Phoenix area is the Dhaba in Tempe.  Here the food was fine but given the alternatives, I wouldn't go back.  The veggies were too mashed together and the Chicken tikka masala sauce was too thick and goopy.  The lamb biryani was good but since they made it so mild, I didn't enjoy it as much as I could have.\n\nThe atmosphere is cute and more upscale than most Indian restaurants and the mall area is attractive and upscale as well.
The quest is over, we just found the slowest Mickey D's drive thru in the western civilized world!
The food was okay, and for a reunion dinner it seemed like a great place, since the last times we went it was good. Tonight it was not. The service was terrible, we actually had to ask to receive bread (2x), they brought the wrong entree, and then charged for both the correct one and the wrong one. The entire service took 2+ hours. Not impressed. I'm not sure if they were short-staffed, but it will definitely be a while before I chance it again.
Tried their set dinner. It's a good value meal; with soup, entree, dessert and coffee/tea all around the mid $20s range. \n\nI would want to come back for their weekday lunch deals at $14.95 which include appetizer, main course, a piece of cake, and coffee/tea. Weekends are $1 more. \n\nNice service, spacious, and clean. The best part is it's one of the rare Chinese run restaurants that are not noisy. :p
Drinks are good! Duck wings and the Greek keftedes a must try - delicious!\n\nThe wild mushroom pizza is something else - Tasted homemadeish - yet frozen, not a favorite! Wouldn't order the pizza if I returned. The snacks are the way to go -\nBut I'm tempted to return to try other dinner menu times.
They say first impressions set the standard. I was excited to try the famous Ducks this morning. Ordered coffee, a donut and a breakfast sandwich.  When it came to being served - coffee, check. Donut, check. And then I waited for my sandwich. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. You get the point.  I ended up leaving - after having paid - because I got tired of waiting.  I believe in second chances so I may find my way back - but as of today, I'm not a happy customer.
We moved in across the street and fell in love with this place. Everyday I walk across and buy the best sugar bun. Unfortunately they are so good they go fast and are not always available. Pasta is excellent and filling. Chicken is delicious. Nothing can beat fresh baking!\n\nLove the new expanded building!
Lived near here for a short while. We got takeout three times. Never ate in.\n\nThe dal makhani was great. Liked the fresh ginger added.\nChicken Tikka masala also fairly good.\nNaan was fine for takeout  (never as good once it steams itself on the way home)\nRice was....white rice. Not much to expect here. \n\nThis was our favorite place to get Indian takeout in the 'hood. Would definitely order again if nearby.
Traveling to the Exton area for work is becoming common for myself. We usually stay at the Hilton  Garden Inn but this time we stayed here. Sadly it didn't live up to expectations. \n\nUpon check-in, there was only 1 computer working and 1 flustered employee. After waiting a bit, I was given my key and confirmed I would be staying 5 nights. Nope-only 4. I'm not sure what the mix up was on that. Anyway, off to the room. \n\nLocated on the 5th floor, I was told about the manager's happy hour and complimentary breakfast and the benefits that come with that. Fast forward to 530 and I enter the area where the happy hour is located. The employee is sitting in a corner playing with her phone. She didn't stand up to greet me or ask if I needed anything-just pecking away on her phone. This wasn't a really great first impression, but none the less, they did have free wine and some munchies. \n\nOnce in the room, I connected to wi-fi but it was way too slow and wouldn't connect, so I had to switch to cellular....another negative. \n\nThe room is ok-no mini fridge and the bathroom is tiny but it will do. \n\nOne of the phones didn't  work, and I found a dead stink bug in the AC vent. I did call front desk and they sent maintenance up to fix it (but the phone still didn't work, but it wasn't that big of a deal).  \n\nWhile resting for a second, my door opens up. The house keeping supervisor didn't realize the room was already occupied. It's a good thing I wasn't changing or in the shower, but it did remind me that I needed to put the extra deadbolt on the door for the rest of the stay. \n\nLater on in the day, I went to order room service but there was no menu so I called room service to have a menu sent to me. I was told to call the front desk, which I did but was told to call back to room service. Quite annoying and honestly someone should have taken ownership and brought me a menu. Or at least they should have transferred me instead of having me hang up and call back. I never ended up ordering room service due to this dilemma. \n\nLater in the evening, I went to flush the toilet only to find that it was clogged and overflowing!  When does this end? \n\nThe next morning I helped myself to the complimentary breakfast that consisted of warm yogurt, Danish and powdery eggs. The saving grace was the cappuccino/espresso machine. Unfortunately the machine wasn't working (the display said ADD WATER).  The employee who was working said that we would have to wait until the evening to get it fixed. Hmmm....my co-worker had to show her how to add water.  \n\nOn Wednesday evening, they had the Happy Hour in the hotel lobby and it was much better. The young lady who they have hired to help bring in brides/grooms to the hotel was extremely friendly and seemed to really care about the feedback we were giving. \n\nTwo of the nights we were there, our trainer had set up a room for us to have a study session. Both nights, we were told to go to the incorrect room. Not a huge deal, but showed the lack of communication and an area of opportunity for this hotel to work on. \n\nI will say that Tony, the shuttle driver, was extremely friendly and was very accommodating. Even to the point he has a little step stool to help you get in and out of the shuttle. This was a nice touch to my stay. \n\nWould I stay here again?  Probably not. The staff needs to be trained on customer service, the bones of the building need to be upgraded and the food needs an overhaul.
The dim sum here was amazing.  We have eaten dim sum everywhere and we have to say that this restaurant is one of the best.  The dishes were well seasoned and not salty.  We also ordered chinese broccoli.  We thought it was going to be steamed with some hoisin sauce like most places, but it was sauted in garlic.  It was so good.
I love, love, love these donuts. My birthday was a few weeks ago, and not only did my roommates wake me up with Duck Donuts...but one of my best friends from Austin, TX called in favors and had these delivered to my doorstep. An embarrassing but factual testament to how much I talk about these donuts and LOVE them. Warm, fresh, and every toping combination is great. Personal Favs: Strawberry icing, rainbow sprinkles, raspberry glaze or chocolate icing, coconut flakes and salted caramel drizzle.
The spring rolls are some of the best I've ever had, the service is quick and friendly, and the tangerine chicken is very tasty! Can't wait to try more!
This was a quick stop for me and my buddy after i went shoe shopping.  We came in and since it was that odd...like 3-4 pm hour where people aren't eating, it was empty and we were the only people there.  \n\nI had a bowl of the special combination pho noodles, extra large i believe and it was huge.  It was a lot of food and really good.  We also ordered the spring rolls, but they were only Ok.  The bill was cheap for what we had.  \n\nIt really had that hole in the wall feel and felt like every other viet restaurant i've been to, so it has a nostalgic feeling even though i've never been there before.
Large quantity of food for a great price. There is a large selection on the menu. Sushi is ok. Not the best I have ever had but not bad. Shrimp pad thai is very good.
This is my family's go-to dim sum place downtown for Sunday lunch. They have a good variety of dishes, reasonable prices, and decent enough quality. We've tried a lot of places in the core, trying to find the best dim sum. While it certainly cannot compare to Markham, Scarborough, or Hong Kong dim sum, Dim Sum King has the most selection that accommodates the tastes of everyone in my family, and isn't overly expensive (like Pearl Harbourfront or Crown Princess). Two dishes that could use some work/consistency are the tripe and BBQ buns.
I have been to Barrio SEVERAL times and I really need to give it an honest review. It is decent and just OK. The tacos are cheap and tasty; however, they are NOT authentic. Also, they are only good if you have an eye for picking the right ingredients for a build-your-own taco. Certain mixtures of ingredients and sauces are just not good. The margaritas are definitely tasty and adequately strong, but overpriced! The only time they are worth it is at Happy Hour. I am vegetarian and it makes me extremely angry that I have to pay extra for rice and beans on my tacos. These simple additions make an otherwise cheap taco quite expensive and definitely not worth the money. If I can't have beans for free, what's the point? The ambiance here is pretty cool and the new Fairmount location is spacious, that's nice.
We have become big fans of this place and our experience with them during Restaurant Week totally sealed the deal.  We had the flank steak in Marsala sauce.  My dining partner nearly licked the plate it was so delicious.  The potato croquet that accompanied it was also totally yummy--crispy on the outside and fluffy and cheesy on the inside.  Service has been great every time we've been there, prompt and attentive but not intrusive.  The burgers are always lovely, juicy and done as requested --a perfect pink medium rare--and the fries are addictive.  Monday night is bargain burger night and a complete steal.  Love this place!  A great addition to the Moon Valley neighborhood. The owner has been in the house every time we've been here and he always checks in to make sure we're enjoying our meal.  When they first opened, the fries were not included with the burger entrees, but they have since remedied that, which was a really good decision.
Very authentic and yummy! My friend took us here for dinner upon our arrival from Buffalo. He knows I love all types of food and that one of the reasons I enjoy Toronto so much is because of the availability of good ethnic cuisine.\n\nI had pho with beef and tendons while my friend had the bun vermicelli noodles. The broth was delicious of course. Really, I should learn to make pho because I like it do much. And they had avocado shake which I love. There isn't much on service as this is very much a bare bones type of place. You even write down your own orders. And it's cash only. But the food is very good and they don't rush you out. I'd recommend this and would go back again.
good place, decent food.  It's probably the best in Toronto but still pales in comparison to the Southern US or Latin America.  The Mole sauce is excellent however.  The margarita menu was huge but I would have liked to see a spicy margarita offered.  Most mexican places i've been to in the US have a chili infused tequila they can use to spice up the drinks.  I would have given this 4 stars but our meals came before our appetizers so we had to cancel the apps.  Our waiter was great and professional about it and took care of our dessert for the inconvenience.
BEST PHO IN NEWMARKET!! We have been passing this place never giving it a try but we finally did & so happy!!  Family owned, with local clientele and very casual.  We ordered the vegetarian roll with cashew sauce (no peanuts there due to peanut allergies so safe to bring kids) the vietnamese rolls were excellent & we both had the beef pho which was very delicious & flavourful.  We will be back as found a hidden "pho" gem in Newmarket that's authentic & legit!!
My husband and I dined here this evening and the food was terrible. \n\nMy husband had the gyro with fries. The sandwich barely had any cucumber sauce, over loaded with lettuce, hardly any tomatoes, and the fries were the frozen crinkle cut. No feta on the sandwich and hardly any cucumbers in the sauce.\n\nI had the shrimp eggrolls and shrimp tempura sushi. The egg rolls were mostly cabbage with any overwhelming taste of ginger. My question is where is the shrimp in the shrimp eggroll? The sushi was only 2 cold fried shrimp, seaweed, and rice. (Which can be usual for a $4 roll, not a $6 roll, and the shrimp were not devained.) They could have put some of the cucumber they skimped on in the sauce for the gyro with the sushi just to give it a little something else.\n\nWe have been here before and it was decent, but they have recently changed some items on the menu and its not good anymore. The only thing they have going for them is the service. We have always had the nicest servers whenever we've been. However, I have never once had a manager come to my table to see how things were going.
We really wanted to love this place. However it was mediocre in every way. It took forever to get waited on, even to get a water!  The alleged in house baked bun was cold and tasteless. The side salad was boring and tasted like preservatives. The main event, the burger, was gross!  The beef was low grade. This was such a disappointment. How do you screw up a burger??
I've had Niro's Gyros, Downtown Dogs in Chicago and finally Zorba's. Except, this foodie adventure was full of fun because I used the Yelp Eat 24, in the comforts of my casita- laundry day. I ordered the giant gyro 8oz and I swear to you it was more of like 16oz- ohh yeeeaaah this gyro was loaded! They should call it more like Gyro: Fully Loaded. I ordered tomatoes, cucumber and cucumber sauce, as well as the falafel and French fries. Little ole' me....Now if I'd eaten all of this, surely I wouldn't be able to write a Yelp review and my jeans would shed tears. Sad. Thus saying there will be Zorba's lunch tomorrow and Zorba's snack. Now, the gyro was very standard- I did love the moist and flavorful meat but it wasn't mind blowing, secondly the falafel was very fried and a bit too crunchy for my liking. The fries were just okay. I'll say the whole order was standard and expected. However, I do like the cucumber sauce, it was super yummy and it paired well with Pepsi and the little falafels. The Eat 24 driver was amazing, fast and friendly- yet I'm an outdoors girl and ready for new adventures! Now...where am I going to put all this food???
Absolutely love this place. I went there the other day in a date. Probably not the best place for a first date. Whenever you come here it is always busy. There a lot of games that you're able to play but some of them you do need to wait especially for the popular games.
Huge fan of Indian food. My friend and I were craving some so we had to stop by here. They have  a lot of he authentic dishes.\n\nWe opted for the vegetable paneer and butter chicken with chick peas over rice. Everything was delicious. You get plenty of cheese in the paneer. Chicken was really moist and tender. The garlic naan was very large in portion wished it came with a sauce to dip in. \n\nThere are so many food options in this mall. Food quality and value here is great. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in the area
Not bad Mexican in a town without much good.  Had the carne asada which was flavorful, but my standards for this cuisine are ridiculously high, given that I used to live in SoCal.  A few negatives.  1.  I like bachata, but you gotta keep it real, gimme brass in a Mexican restaurant, not Dominican blues music.  2.  Chips and salsa should always be free and be refilled if necessary, this is the Mexican way.  3.  Service was a tad slow, which would have been fine if they kept refilling our chips like they do at every Mexican restaurant I know in the American southwest and Mexico.  All that being said, I recommend the place.  The steak actually had flavors that reminded me of Mexico, a mean feat in Toronto, where few Mexicans live.
Went in tonight for the very first time. \nAMAZING!!!  Beats Carrabas, beats Brio and beats several casino places. \nHad Linguine Pesto with chicken and it blew my socks off.  My wife had Chicken Scaloppini and loved her food.  Nice cab table wine.  Made fresh bread with a garlic oil to dip into.  \nGreat owners and people there.\nWILL BE BACK NEXT WEEK!!!
Definitely a go to place in Toronto.\nExcellent food and good atmosphere! \nYou will probably walk by this place not even noticing or thinking who goes here to eat but as they say don't judge a book by its cover! Inside is cozy and has a nice ambiance! \nVery pleasant and helpful staff! \nWent for lunch and had fish taco(soft) and rib taco(hard)! Very good specially the rib taco! \nThe guacamole is from another universe! \nWill definitely go back!
What do I love about this restaurant!? I adore being able to sit outside on the terrace and eat my lunch. I love the variety of food they offer and the specials. It is near my work so every now and then I come over and dine here. I really enjoy their fresh, creative salads, the flatbreads are tasty and just last week I tried the special being tacos since it was Taco Tuesday. The service is good and looking out over the Springs Preserve into the city is absolutely beautiful not to mention relaxing. I love that they have a happy hour on Thursdays where one can come have a drink and listen to some music before heading home. As we all know driving up the 95 kinda stinks at the old 5:00 hour. They also offer creative cooking classes which I have yet to try as I am not Giada but maybe I will get around to it someday. This is a great kick back spot and we need to support this place. Do yourself a favor and give it a try!
Das Plenum wird zum Geheimtip, das Essen ist wirklich prima und der Service sehr angenehm, wir waren übrigens auch mal an einem Sonntag zum Brunch dort und sehr begeistert. Riesenauswahl am Buffet, tolles Preis-Leistungsverhältnis.
We came in quite late on a Saturday after a day in the hot Las Vegas sun - 30 minutes before closing.  The staff made us feel right at home, regardless, even delivering an amazing desert and singing happy birthday to our teenage daughter.  The waitress was kind and understanding of our picky eater, vegan, and mom with seafood, nut, and dairy allergies.  We felt safe and understood.  The even have gluten-free options!!! We highly recommend.
Excellent!!i visited there a few months ago and thought I write the review then but I still think about my experience. I was visiting Tampa and soooo wish I lived close to get them regularly! We got a mixture but they were all delicious! A def must to try!
Food is subpar for the price in my opinion.  Atmosphere is so so and service was acceptable.  The restaurant was so hot when I went that our table was very uncomfortable.  The waitress spoke so slow that it ws a bit annoying.  Very typical chain restaurant but quality of the food for price ... questionable.
They just don't listen......have been there several times at night and it seems that regardless how I order my meal which is usually without tomatoes....they always put them on there anyway. If I go now it's for kicks and giggles only.....if they get my order right then I'm having a good night
We went here based on a recommendation from FRIENDS and I have to say it was not a good experience. The food was subpar at best and the service was AWFUL. I honestly think there was something wrong with our waiter, he was extremely slow in more than one way and that's putting it nicely. First we were seated in a booth that was so small I felt claustrophobic, we asked to be seated at a table and that was fine. A few minutes later another couple were seated at that booth, she could barely fit, like her chest was actually resting on the table top and not by choice. We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Rogan Josh, we asked for both of them to be mild, they were both so spicy my husband couldn't eat it. Lastly, I was pleasantly surprised to hear they served Pellegrino, I was brought back down to earth when they brought it out warm and served it with ice. I never understand why restaurants do this. IT'S SPARKLING WATER, when warm and mixed with ice it turns flat almost immediately. All in all we had a horrible experience, unfortunately the owners have no idea how to run a business. I wanted to give them feedback about the Pellegrino as that's an easy fix, but by the time the meal was done we figured it would be pointless and we we're probably right.
Food was filling despite small portions.  Staff was friendly, music was loud, parking on Gerrard was free after 4pm.  Was a good overall experience.
Indian food is not my favorite but I think this is the best place for it in Scottsdale.  I really love their chicken tikka masala.  I also think they have great naan and I like that they have a variety of flavors.  Excellent chai tea which is free and unlimited.  They have lunch specials, which is also nice.  Or you can order anything off the dinner menu all day but you will have to split it with someone because the portions are huge!
Had a prettttty delicious shrimp burrito, with the kind of hot sauce you just want to drink. Everything was quite yummy, however it felt expensive for Mexican food.
Great service and inexpensive. The quality is really there when you consider the price. Will come back.\n\nGreat service and inexpensive. The quality is really there when you consider the price. Will come back.
Doughnuts are certainly a treat to be held (and eaten) on specifically special occasions. Or, in the case of Duck Donuts, any time the urge befalls your day. Having good, nay, fantastic doughnuts in the hood is something that is somewhat of a foreign concept to Charlotte, for the most part. You've got your larger brands with plenty of presence, but having a smaller company show up in good ol' Crown Town is a welcome sight. \n\nNow, doughnuts are not too difficult to make acceptable in most doughnut-eaters' eyes. Serve em warm, slathered with glaze, and not much else. You're on your merry way to a great day when hot doughnuts are thrown in the mix. Duck Donuts is doing it right. Though, their process is pretty unique from others. \n\nFirst of all, the menu is rather simple. Doughnuts, coffee, a few breakfast sandwiches, and a few other things here and there. You order your doughnuts from the counter by singles or by the dozen, they are prepared on-the-spot, and served at the other end of the counter. \n\nThe apparatus that forms and fries the doughnuts is so rad. It's a automatic dispenser that drops the perfectly formed doughnuts into the oil and then moves them along a conveyor belt. It's unlike any other I've seen. They do happen to have two of these guys for when the lines get longer and they need to crank out more fried dough. \n\nNote: ALL of their doughnuts are of the same base. (Cake Doughnuts) I.e. Not a yeast-based recipe. They are actually rather light and possess a perfect amount of crunch on the exterior. Not super heavy and dense like some other cake doughnuts of the world.  \n\nSo far, we've tried a handful --\nLemon\nCinnamon Sugar\nGlazed\nPeanut Butter\nStrawberry\n\nBy far, the glazed wins every single time. It's just so perfect and easy. Eat them warm or after a few hours and they retain the same flavor and texture. I'm sure heating them in the oven wouldn't be a bad call either. \n\nVery impressed with these guys. Their varieties of doughnuts will certainly win over tons of local Dilworth eating talent and I'm sure we'll plan on many a visit in the near future. \n\nWelcome to the 'hood, Duck Donuts!
Yum yum yum! Super clean, super fast and super delicious! Definitely recommend.
You gotta come here for the value and great service! The food is eggsellent and great portions for the price. The owner Angel lives up to her name, she is friendly and the staff is awesome too, highly recommend for a delicious breakfast!
Loved the food there. I had shrimp tacos, my husband had white chili. \n\n\n\nThe reason for three stars is the service was the worse I have ever had and there were only 8 other people in there. We never got our water glasses refilled nor did we ever see the waitress again after she brought our food. We had to go up to the cashier which is no big deal to pay our bill but it would have been nice to get refilled and asked if we needed anything else.
I was here last Sunday and must say that I was pleasantly surprised.  I had passed this shopping center on Thunderbird numerous times and wondered what the *&&^% was in there.  Now I know.\n\nThe restaurant cuisine is modern American.  What I mean to say is that the food is basic American fare with a twist.  \n\nThe restaurant has delicious hamburgers...........hence the name  - Charr.  The presentation is also modern as is the restaurant.  I rather enjoyed the Caesar's salad with REAL anchovies and a hamburger with REAL Swiss cheese and crimini mushrooms - yum!  My little one had the mac and cheese that was creamy and done perfectly.  My wife had the turkey burger which was juicy, not dry.\n\nOur server was delightful and had a great sense of humor and was real likeable in general.  I would opt to say that the food is on a five star level.  However, the time to fill the order and receive the food must have been close to one half hour.  I was especially cognizant of the time since I have a seven year old that was hungry and making every minute after ordering count.\n\nMy advise to Charr, perfect the order time and you have a winner.\n\nThe restaurant offers many daily specials, including hamburgers.  Try it out!
I have always enjoyed Divine Cafe until my most recent experiences. Our family has a membership at the Springs Preserve, so we eat there often. There was a recent menu change, and some of the dishes are now expensive relative to what you get. During my last visit there on a quiet weekday, it took the staff forty minutes and five tries to get my overpriced and mediocre quality meal correct. The employees were apologetic on behalf of the kitchen, and I was given a voucher for a future free lunch. While I appreciate the staff's efforts to make things right, I'm not sure we'll return to the cafe even with a Springs Preserve membership and a free lunch voucher.
The food here is delicious. \nGOA Prawn Curry\nTandoori Chicken\nLamb Tikka Masala\nGarlic Naan\nTandoori Shrimp app\nCocktail Samosa app\nLamb seekh kabob app\n\nSlow service, but that's how most of the Indian restaurants I know are. Authentic, salty, tamarind chutney on point.
They do not know how to properly cook up a burger at all. They need better training or need to hire some new employees. The meat was so damn dry, the entire burger was just ehh, not even close to being worth $6. You're better off going to a different smashburger because this is by far the shittiest smashburger in Arizona. I do not care about customer service, just cook up a $6 dollar burger how it's suppose to be cooked up. Ive been to tons of smashburgers so take my word for it that this place does not know how to cook food.
Service and staff are always great.  I've had just about all their food and its all very good except the pizzas.  The pizza is just like one of the crummy grocery store-brand that you take home and bake yourself.  They should really just take it off the menu.  Can't give 5 stars because of the pizza and everything is $1-$2 too expensive for what it is.
In my opinion this is way better than Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Donuts! Each donut is made fresh to order and customized to your exact liking. Big fan of the fill out order cards, avoids a lot of confusion and makes ordering a lot easier. Even if you try new things, you won't be disappointed!
Okay, service here is not the best. I've been here at least three times to know that the servers are usually MIA when I need them, or aren't very interested in providing great customer service. Sure, I might get a forced smile, but it's really unconvincing lol. \n\nAnyway, Panagios is a good all day breakfast grill that offers great portions of food that tastes pretty good. It's definitely better breakfast food than some other brunch diners I've been to (eggsmart, sunset grill, Coras, anyone? ), but it's still not living quite up to my expectations.
I love Mexican food. I love all of it. Give me tortilla chips and some salsa and I am a happy lady. But there is so much more to Playa Cabana than just chips and salsa. Thanks for opening this resto so close to where I live!\n\nWhat I wanted to mention first is that I don't think it's fair to judge this restaurant when you were there with a group of 26. This restaurant does not fit 26 people. If you were there once you would realize that very simple fact. I wouldn't go here with more than 6 people (unless the patio area gives them more space in the summer). It's not fair to score them down solely based on being a difficult group for any restaurant. With 26 people, you would have issues at any resto.\n\nWe ordered the cerviche, chips and salsa to start. The chips were nice and crispy, the salsa was very fresh and nicely spiced and the cerviche was amazing.\n\nI had the tostadas as my main meal with carrnitas. The dish was simple, fresh and not overloaded with many other toppings which would have hidden the flavours. Very delicious. \n\nI also tried their higher end margarita and it was awesome and authentic. Sometimes margaritas are made too sweet but this one was very good and refreshing.\n\nI will definitely be back here many times to try out all the other things on the menu and as suggested here, the Mexican cola. Can't wait to go back and can't wait to check out the patio in the summer. You cannot go wrong with some mojitos on a patio.
There's a lot of tasty pho options in Toronto but this place has tasty pho, friendly staff, and a bright atmosphere with tons of natural light! I got the rare beef pho. The beef wasn't super rare when it got to my table but the broth was incredible. Definitely recommend trying this place!
The best donuts I have ever had!!! Will definitely be back for more and soon. These are made to order and come out hot and fresh. The place is small and gets packed but they do a great job of getting you in and out. Not really any place to sit and eat which sucks but they were still warm when we got home, 20 minutes later! Go try this place!
This place is simply awesome! The atmosphere and design are spot on. Staff is super friendly and accommodating, and the food is absolutely delicious! If you haven't been I highly recommend their guacamole and chips, short-rib tacos, and fried fish tacos. \n\nCan't wait to go back!
good ole z-bots as we liked to call this one back in the day.  yes, this place is an institution...been around since green and wright was just spaceport, garcias, and mcdonalds.  hasnt changed much cept that now i can drink the beer.  wonder if they will still accept my stamp card from way back.
Delicious!!!! This a a must stop on the foodie list!! Look at the menu in the photos above or online and have a thought of what you want to order. If not, you will stand there with a ummm ummm moment.
I went here for lunch on a saturday. We ordered the fish tacos and chicken tacos and the civiche. The civiche was really good just a small portion. The tacos were really good too although for the price the portion was kind of small. We had churros for dessert and it wasn't that amazing but it wasn't disappointing either. The waitor was alright not amazing customer service.
This place has nice coffee!! \nDonuts are awesome .. here you can make your donut... with icing and sprinkles .. which was kind of new to me.. \nwe ordered donut with blueberry icing and that was so good .. \nI definitely recommend this place.
The food was excellent.  The lamb chop appetizer was incredibly flavorful, although it was a little gristly.  The bhindi masala is among the better bhindi dishes I've had.  I still can't place the extra spice they put in it.  The saag ghosht was superb, just really an excellent lamb dish.  Tender lamb and mildly spicy spinach gravy.  And of course the chicken tikka masala was solid.\n\nAnd TT serves gajrela, an Indian carrot pudding.  It's been a few years since I've had gajrela.   I still love it.  \n\nService was friendly and speedy.\n\nThe belly dancing with the sword was unexpected.\n\nMy only concern with TT is that if that was its Saturday night rush, then I hope they are making it up during lunch.  The place was only 20% full.
Atmosphere was good, service was good, onion rings were absolutely amazing.   Ordered my burger mid rare, but it came raw.   They did the right thing and comped the burger....we will give them another try, because had the burger been cooked right, I'm sure it would have been great and they were nice people, doing the right thing.
If you're not into the whole bar scene or looking for a way to kill time in Town Square then check this place out. \n\nThis new location is much smaller than the previous one located on the strip, however, you can still find something that everyone will like. The main gaming area has games that I haven't seen in any other Las Vegas arcades including ticket, shooter, driving, 4D, old school and Japanese games. They even have Purikura inside! There is a section for PC and console games as well as a section for bowling. The bar area is a good size with plenty of seating inside and outside of the store. The seats also aren't located next to the games so it's nice not having people constantly walk around you while you eat (unlike Dave and Buster's).\n\nThe only downside is that these games are expensive because you pay with "points." I suggest buying the package deal where you have unlimited play for 1 hour. We were offered this deal when a friend bought a drink at the bar so I'm not sure if a drink purchase is required.
The best donuts/dessert around!! We have gone back since our first visit and now we crave these donuts all the time! Check them out!
Good food, a bit pricey, but sushi is just ok.....peking tokyo sushi is WAY better!....my favorite here is the scallion chicken
Solid 3.5\n\nCame here because my friend wanted to try different Pho places in Toronto. Service was speedy, staff were nice, a different pace from other Vietnamese establishments.\n\nNow to the Pho, we both got the Rare beef with brisket. I can see why white people like it. The broth is very rich, you can really taste the beef but it overpowers the spices.  The broth wasn't as savory as I prefer, nor did it have the unique cardamom and clove touch. The noodles however were very soft, thicker than the most other Pho places here in Toronto. The brisket had a good distribution of fat, but the beef was very lean. They gave a pretty decent amount of meat and noodles for a XL. \n\nMy friend did not like the Pork+Shrimp roll he ordered, he complained the lettuce wasn't fresh.\n\nOverall it was a pretty decent meal. It's worth a try, but I don't think I'll be coming back.
My husband and I came in on a Friday night around 8 pm.. The bar area and dining room were dimly lit and to our surprise almost empty. We were told to take a seat. We sat and waited for our server until I believed to have been forgotten. We flagged a waitress down. She took our drink orders and sent our server to our table. Our drinks arrived 10 mins later. The mint was fresh in my Mojito however the limes in both our drinks were discolored and unpleasant looking.  A waitress came over beside our table and started polishing dinnerware and talking on her cell phone in a very loud manner. I wished she would have chosen a different table away from us to do this task as there were many others to chose from.  Our burgers arrived with a side of thin cut, crispy fries and burger fixins. We topped our burgers with the veggies only to realize that the chipotle mayo was missing. Our server apologized and bought us the condiment.  My husband and I each had a hard time eating our burgers. The kaiser roll they came on was just too tough for our liking.  With eat bite we took the inside of our burgers would push out into our hands. I ended up dumping my burger contents on my plate and just eating the patty. The patty itself tasted charred and was a very nice quality beef. They were cooked to our liking. The experience in this restaurant was okay, far from the worst and far from the best. Pretty much just a 'meh' experience.
I hate to leave bad reviews, but it was really awful. 25% of the machines didn't work. From basketball to even pinball. Then our cards didn't work on all the machines and they pretty much told us oh well the card reader isn't working. Until they put some time and money to repair things, don't waste your time or money.
Ordered this tonight through Uber eats. I am truly disappointed in just about every aspect. The food came packaged terribly. The skewered meats were falling out of the flimsy styrofoam tray. Our rice bowls were so small I was surprised especially for the 8.50 price tag. The rice in each bowl was not cooked through. The sauce to rice ratio was insane,2 tbsp of rice drenched in sauce. I will say the flavor of our meat skewers was very good. I truly do hate to leave bad reviews but this one was a must for me.
Totally amazing. We split a flavorful Italian salad that was dressed perfectly, loaded with olives, marinated roasted red peppers, mozzarella and artichokes. The entrees we chose were gnocchi ninni, chicken piccata, chicken Parmesan sandwich and orecchiette in a garlic oil with sausage and broccoli rabe.\n\nMy gnocchi came from heaven right into my plate. The sauce was a marscapone base with roasted red peppers, garlic and spinach. Creamy, dreamy, plenty to take home. \n\nMost remarkable is the service, a family that made us feel like family. And the prices make this one of the TOP VALUES around. Grazie, Trattoria Italia, until the next time!
Napoli tries to put itself into the famous Pittsburgh pizza competition against Aiello's and Mineo's, but it falls short, save one standard: it looks damn good. In the end, however, it will always place as shameful, shameful bronze. Here's what is best about Napoli: its cheese, which tastes exactly the same as the other two (same cheese seller?), and the crust is chewy, too. But the sauce is rather flavorless, though a little sweet.\n\nDon't get me wrong. This excellent pizza, and it destroys 95% of all other pizza in the universe. But in Pittsburgh, it only wins the consolation match.
Best donuts I've ever had. I almost don't have words. The actual dough of the donut was the lightest and fluffiest ice ever had in my life. The way it works is you choose the toppings you want on top so you can mix and match which is fun. \nWe went with maple bacon, smore, chocolate and coconut, and cinnamon sugar. \nHands down the best donut was the maple bacon. Everyone knows how great of a combination those flavors are but holy moly. Their bacon is actually super high quality and sets off the sweetness. \nThe other donuts were delicious as well, but I'm going back for the maple bacon.
Super chill spot and a great addition to the neighborhood! We had the Korean beef bowl and fries which were both excellent and reasonably priced. They are open with a full kitchen till 2am which is great, since we both work late pretty frequently. Definitely will be back!
Interessiert durch die Vorstellung des DOQU haben wir gestern das Nesenbach besucht, auch angezogen durch die Werbung für Augustiner Bräu auf den Tafeln und einem Bierfass. Unglücklich an einem Tisch, neben dem DJ positioniert, der mit fortschreitender Besuchsdauer sich akustisch immer präsenter gezeigt hat. Getränke Augustiner Radler und ein Weissbier 0,33l aus der Flasche! Auf Nachfrage erfahren, dass ein Fass um 16:30 Uhr angestochen wird und wenn das leer ist, gibt es halt nur noch Flaschenbier. Haben uns eine Flädlesuppe 6€ und Maultaschen 11€ bestellt.Die Flädlesuppe war von den Flädle OK, die Brühe war geschmacksneutral, als ob diese nie ein Stück Fleisch gesehen hat. Die Maultaschen war nicht wirklich warm und die schöne dunkle Sosse genau so wenig. Zudem hat die Maultasche nur einen dominierenden scharfen Geschmack. Als krönenden Abschluss hat der Kellner noch selbst sein Trinkgeld bestimmt, indem er einfach unaufgefordert auf einen Zehnerbetrag der Rechnung aufgerundet hat. EINMALIG! no go! Schade drum.
What a fantastic little kiss of Latin flavour tucked away in the Annex!  And what better way to chase away this stubborn Canadian coldness with some Mexican heat!! \n\n Playa's itself is situated inside a converted house located within of a fairly residential area of Dupont and Dav, but don't let the rustic little cottagey interior fool you as the patrons here were definitely rocking the status handbags and cosmetic surgery to match.  Not to worry though as the pricing of the menu at Playa's is reasonable. \n\nThe Margarita line-up at Playa's is fantástico, and with over 40 brands of Tequila ranging from Blanco, Reposado to Anejo there is so much in the way of bevvies to relish trying here!   Playa's also serves the amazing Jarrittos Mexican sodas in tantalizing tropical flavours like Tamarind, Pineapple and Guava.\n\nService is quick efficient and warm, plus our waiter was a blue-eyed blond dream boat with a Latin accent, what more could you want!!!  For Bocaditos we ordered the holy coupling of Guaca Fresca along with Fresh Salsa both served in lava rock molcajete bowls.  Eating guac and salsa this good and piquantly fresh, it was hard not to take advantage of refills for the delightfully crisp hand-pressed tortilla chips.  \n\nFor mains I got the Baja Style Tacos De Pescado which are soft shell fish tacos fresh battered with Tecate-cerveza.  Mmmmmm, so far I can say these are the best fish tacos I've ever had with just the right ratio of light crumbly crisp batter encasing mouthwatering Tilapia.  My girlfriend ordered the day special of a three taco sampler of chicken, carnitas and brisket and was literally gasping between bites whilst singing their savoury praises.\n\nIf there's one complaint I have it is that Playa's space is tiny so seating (especially the front area) is pretty cramped and the place fills up real fast so if you get a chance try to book yourself a reservation online to ensure a spot http://rez.urbanspoon.com/reservation/start/3991?source=selfhost\n \nMy girlfriend and I ended our lovely Mexican meal in the best way possible which is indulging in Churros with Crema, are you drooling yet?? yeah I thought so!\n\nSo you should forget about making a run for the border, as it's much better get your ass to Playa Cabana for some real cozy Mexican flavour and charm.
There's some great dim sum here. Unfortunately, it's meat heavy. \n\nI told the server that I only ate vegetables, and she turned around with some of the best spinach and tofu wrapped veggie dim sum I've ever had!
This was the latest of several trips here with our 3 boys while visiting Vegas. Again it was great entertainment for the kids. However I was frustrated by the many machines that were not working at all or in desperate need of repair. I was recently at a Dave and Busters where the games were newer and in better shape. Still a nice off Strip option for kids, but I hope the games are updated and repaired soon.
I ordered a white pizza for lunch through wheel deliver and it was literally the worst pizza I've had in my life. Zero flavor, hard as a rock, and honestly was probably five days old and reheated. I paid 30 dollars for a medium pizza and a salad, and I might as well just thrown that money in the garbage because that's where that repulsive combination of flour and tomato sauce went. I called to complain about he quality and got zero reaction. I frankly don't understand how this joint is still in business. Gross, repulsive, and unresponsive to their customer. Never order from this place!
Always a good choice and love the friendly environment they bring to the table. Prefer the meatball sub but everything looks great and yummy! Gotta love the personal service they also have
Very nice bakery, been here a bunch of times over the years. What first brought me here were the Cannoli. Some of the better Cannoli you will find in the GTA. I've had pretty much most of what their bakery offers, all is well made. \n\nA few times I've gotten lunch at the hot table, it's good but a little too overpriced for my liking. Nice selection of goods to by in their grocery section, good parking and nice staff as well.
As a vegan, its pretty hard to find decent vegan food. This restaurant has the best tofu vegetable pho I've ever had. I really think this is a very vegan friendly restaurant. Also, although  they were very busy at the time I went, the servers were attentive and very nice.
Meh, typical Chinese fast food resto, with sub par quality in food.  Service is on point though.  Seats are not comfortable, though nice decor.\n\nChinese rice roll : way too thick
I'm going to start this off with this...$6 for an order of string fries!!! There is a thing called know your customers and this place has not heard about this. If this restaurant was in Scottsdale it would probably work well. But this is at 7th st and Thunderbird. Prices here are outrageous. Burger, fries and a drink is about $18. I'm not exaggerating prices either. My wife ordered the 5 cheese sandwich and it was bad. Just a huge blob of cheese on some bread. Extremely flavorless cheese log. I will not be back to this place and really want my $40 back. \n\nIf you notice, the only good reviews on this restaurant all refer to the owner Joe so these are all his friends and of course they are going to give a 5 star review.\n\nHeed my advice and go somewhere else. $6 for a side of fries!!!! I still can't believe this.
Stopped in for lunch on a Friday afternoon after reading yelp reviews. We were the only table but the server said they are much busier for dinner. We ordered the soup and the chicken parmigiana. The soup was very watery and had very little flavor. The chicken parmigiana was good. They were nice enough to split it on two plates for us. Overall it was ok but not sure we'd go back.
I had a Groupon for Charr so my husband and I decided to go there for date night. I loved Aiello's when it was open and I like the Salumeria they have next door. Charr  was decent but not overwhelmingly good.\n\nThe atmosphere is nice... I like the decor. Most of the servers are attractive young males.\n\nI had a Moscow Mule which was refreshing and potent. I thought the drinks, including the beer were overpriced.\n\nMy husband ordered the Charr burger, cooked medium rare. He said it came medium well. He still thought the beef tasted good though. \n\nI ordered the roasted veggie sandwich. It was okay. The aioli that came on it was delicious. The bun that both my sandwich and my husband's burger came on was good and I liked the idea but it came apart on both of us.\n\nThe fries were thin and crispy and yummy but our server only brought out one serving for us to share. I noticed other tables of two each had their own serving... hmmmm. Luckily we were more than full despite sharing one serving of fries.\n\nService was good except for when my husband had to flag someone down for some mayo after getting our food. It took a solid 5 minutes. \n\nOur total bill before the Groupon discount for 2 burgers, fries, and 2 alcoholic beverages was around $45. A little overpriced for a burger date night.\n\nWe will return for happy hour. The drinks were tasty and I am eager to try some of their appetizers.
This is probably one of the best overall good experiences I have ever had.\n\nVisiting Toronto, my friend had asked what I wanted for brunch. I said, "you pick". He asked if I liked dim sum and the rest was history.\n\nDim Sum King Seafood Restaurant is a traditional dim sum restaurant. It's enormous. It's loud; from the carts being pushed around, the wait staff asking you if you want their dish, and the guests chatting away. Dozens of carts being pushed around, all with amazing dishes that you have to try.\n\nThe pricing I don't get and honestly I didn't care how much anything cost at the moment. If I wanted it, I got it.\n\nYou have a waiter. Ours was ok. The main focus here is on the dim sum, not on your waiter. We drank water faster than he could keep up so he left us a pitcher. Problem solved.\n\nThe sticky rice with pork and the fried shrimp were out of this world. The spare rib was to die for. I'm still thinking about it now.\n\nYou have to pace yourself. We picked too much too soon and have to call it quits too early. Don't say yes because you're hungry. \n\nEnjoy this one of a kind experience. You'll love it. I did and can't wait to try it again.
This place is fun, I got a great deal on Groupon and was like heck yeah I'm 30 and I don't care if I'm seen playing them arcade games all day for free lol!!! I like the environment. I bought me one of my hometowns IPA beers which is 10 barrel at the bar there. Had a great time with family and friends.
Decided to come here for dinner with my friend. The atmosphere is always great and food has decent portion. I ordered the Pappadelle Alla Bolognese and I love how the noodles were cooked to perfect al dente. Sauce was just right in flavour. Our server always checked on us to make sure our needs are met. Oh, must try the tartufo for dessert!
To start: Incredible food. They have a pretty extensive menu with many items to choose from, and after several visits, I have yet to try something less than stellar! Appetizers, entrees, desserts, you name it. Nobody makes a paneer quite like Tandoori times. I was also surprised to see all of the negative reviews about service, because in my experience, it has always been decent. \n \nReally, I have only one complaint: While the belly dancer is clearly talented and very likable (she's great and bringing in the crowd), the music/ cymbals during the performance are so loud to the point where you cannot hear the people at your own table. I think it's really cool that they have belly dancing performances, I just wish that not paying full attention to them were a possibility.
A wonderful experience!!! Saturday night on their outdoor patio was great, had lots of TVs and watched the Indians game. Got the pretzels and the deviled eggs for an app and they were amazing!!! I got the black and blue burger with caramelized onions. They cooked it to a perfect medium and my sweet potato tater tot were extra crispy and came with creamy ranch. Also had the smothered porkchops and a turkey club. Both were amazing and described perfectly on the menu. Our server was Adam and he was very helpful with a menu and seemed to be at our table like every five minutes asking if we were OK. We had a great time and will be back for sure. Highly recommended $-$$
Amazing food amazing atmosphere great service gorgeous place...you feel like you're in Italy...
Happened upon this spot on the way to Good Bottle even though I know they serve them there on Saturday mornings. Got the maple bacon donut  on the suggestion of cashier. Man it was awesome, want to try PB icing next time and some new combinations of donuts. I will be back very soon.
This is probably my first and last time here. The place looks cool with the cute decor but the tacos are not good at all! I had the special offer of the day $5 for the chicken taco and at my first bite, I was disappointed. Looked like they bought the tacos from the grocery store and just put the sauce and chicken on it! Not good at all. It may be cheap but I didn't like it at all! The flavours were so bland. If you're a foodie and loves flavours and taste, those tacos will disappoint you!
We went here looking for some homemade Italian food like someone's Italian grandma would make.Like some amazing sauce and flavorful food.Based on the reviews our expectations were big! Disappointing to say the least.My wife ordered the Chicken Marsala which consisted of 2 thin and flavorless pieces of chicken with mushrooms that she thought might be canned.Sent that back and got the Eggplant parm which was a little better after she requested more sauce for it.I had the Lasagna and it was terrible.With several other authentic Italian restaurants in the area,we won't be back.Our waitress was attentive and helpful though.Comfy atmosphere in a small strip mall on Eastern.
Awesome place to go and hang out at and play games but there is zero types of security or supervision, the girl I was with got her whole purse stolen and the manager did nothing to help. Again I love the place just not the service and crowd.
As mentioned by others, this place is on the pricey side - $9.00 for lunch.  And, for what you get, it is definitely overpriced.  Compared to other buffets around town, this one is just slightly below them - again, the price is a bit steep in comparison.  As for the food, there is a rather large selection.  However, the food was kind of bland.  I am not sure which item caused it, but I had an odd metallic taste in my mouth afterwards.  I would recommend looking elsewhere.  If you want sushi for about the same price but at a better value, try Ru San's in Charlotte.
I've been going to Napoli's for years now since I work right next door. \nGreat Staff! They know exactly what I want as soon as I step into their place.\nThey have one of the best white pizzas in town! Very convenient and the food is great!
This was more than a restaurant, it was cultural experience! The food was great. We shared an order of large pork dumplings and they were delicious. A server brought an extremely hot pot of green tea to our table that was also very good after it cooled down a little bit. We didn't see a lot of tourists in the restaurant, it seemed to mostly be locals. The staff speaks some english, but not a lot. There were no menus on the tables, you order from the servers who circle the room with carts full of food. When you are done, you pay at the register on the way out. We really enjoyed the experience here, and highly recommend it if you are in Toronto. It's located just down the street from the Art Gallery of Ontario.
My second time here and this time I sat outside on the quaint patio which is tops. The place was packed at 9:30pm. \n\nHad the Cadillac margarita which is fantastic, fresh lime juice,... Not one of those cocktails that after 2 sips it is done. Could drink these non- stop. For appetizer I had the emlotes a la parilla or grilled corn on the cob. So good. My main was brisket crispy tacos. First time I had real hard tacos that didn't come in that taco kit box. They were so good and came with an array of hot sauces.\n\nEfficient service. Decent prices. Definitely recommended.
Went here with some locals and they said this was the best dim sum spot in the area. Place was packed on a Sunday afternoon. Our party of 15 got seated in minutes.\n\nFood came out really quickly. Everything was really hot in temperature, dishes were seasoned well and the staff was very accommodating. They serve the typical dim sum dishes. We did notice the pepper steak, chicken feet and shrimp balls were very large in portion. Shumai and har gow tasted really fresh unlike the frozen dim sum spots you find elsewhere.\n\nThey have a really good system going with the rotation of dishes coming around so you don't see the same dish multiple times. Staff is very attentive in re filling your drinks and cleaning your table. The older waitress we had was great in taking care of us and allowing our group to order a la carte. If you're craving some dim sum in the area this is the spot.\n\nLocation is very clean, staff is great and dim sum here is really good. There is plenty of street parking. They have seating for parties from 2-12. Everyone in our party left happy.
I've come here on many occasions. In true HK cafe style, the menu is ginormous - classic Taiwan dishes, ramen, build-your-own noodle soup and of course, the HK classics. I decided to order none of these on this occasion and order the poutine. Unexpectedly delicious! The fries are exactly what you think - huge and super crispy in true Chinese restaurant fried style. The gravy was lighter than your traditional beef gravy and a little less salty which was nice for the body. The hot gravy + hot fries meant that the cheese curds were perfectly squeaky and perfectly warm. The milk tea here is also pretty decent and really a must have. This place does get pretty busy so expect a moderate wait if you're coming on the weekend!
Yummy yummy in my tummy. My unborn son was doing backflips. Lol.  Doughnuts were warm, light and non greasy. Great combo. Quick and simple service. Limited flavors, yet endless options. The coffee was also pretty tasty, but ridiculously lava hot. I can see many trips in our future.  :)
Don Taco is an oasis in a land of strange, over priced tacos. \n\nThe tacos are nice, cheap, and legitimately central american. When I first discovered Don Taco I ended up going there something like 7 times in 2 weeks (don't judge :p). The food is always good and reasonably fast. The staff are super nice even when I've F'd up my own order. \n\nI've run through the menu of tacos, and dipped into the burrito menu. \n\nI have to say the fish tacos are really the standout. There can be no regrets with tacos. \n\nFor now Montreal's taco battle is firmly Don Taco vs. Cafe Frida.
Amazing! Been 3 times in less than 2 weeks! only reason it is that low is because I was out of town! I had it for lunch and I would again for dinner!
Best dim sum I've ever had! I lived in China for a while and this place was better than anything I can remember. I've not been a huge fan of dim sum due to lots of disappointing experiences, but somehow Dim Sum King changed everything. My life is now brighter and it feels good to be alive. Before this life-altering experience, everything was a little bit grey, but I can see clearly now, the rain is gone. I can see all obstacles in my way. Gone are the dark clouds that had me blind. It's gonna be a bright, bright, bright, bright sun-shiny day.
I went to Red Koi yesterday because I was off from work and really craving some sushi.  I didn't want to spend too much money so I thought I would try this place.\n\nThe rolls are pretty overpriced so I stayed away from them and actually ordered their Bento Box lunch.  For $7.50 you can order an entree dish and it comes with 4 pieces of California roll, salad, and white rice.  You can add another entree dish for $2.50.  \n\nSo I ordered Shrimp Tempura and Chicken Teriyaki.  It came with three Shrimp tempura and a small bowl of chicken teriyaki.  The Shrimp Tempura was good.  The Chicken teriyaki was a little dry but if you sopped up the teriyaki sauce that was in the bottom of the bowl it was okay.  The teriyaki sauce was actually pretty flavorful and I wish the chicken had more of the teriyaki flavor.  The small salad was fresh and the ginger dressing was delicious.  The California roll was good as well.  They put a lot of crab and it was just a thin layer of rice which was a nice departure from those sushi rolls that seem to be all rice!\n\nPresentation of my food was pretty great.  Very clean and everything separated on the plate which is great for someone with OCD.  \n\nService was okay.  I didn't really have a main server.  Seemed as if it was two people just taking care of everyone which seemed to work for the lunch crowd. \n\nThe restaurant is clean and has a laid back atmosphere.  Also the bathroom are clean as well.  \n\nI'll definitely come back and try more of the sushi when budget allows.
The vegetarian pho here is the perfect vehicle for the noodles and whathaveyou! Would recommend to people who like eating at good restaurants.
I hate this location so much the manager susan was the worst person i have ever met. Accused me of trying to rip her off when i asked for ranch sauce for my wings. This location is a joke i opened a yelp account just to leave this review
Legit, tasty, damn good donut.  This isn't a krispy kreme or dunkin donuts.  This is different, freshly made, warm and made to order when you bite into them.\n\nWe've been twice and had the maple bacon, peanut butter w/chocolate, coconut, etc.\n\nCoffee is actually pretty good and i'm a large critic of water downed dishwater at most places.\n\nAll delicious, definitely a must go to, we go each time we are in town.
Not impressed with the goods....burgers were marginal, but fries were decent although the ticket time for a side order was approximately 20 mins, and the staff was very polite and attentive (that might be because we were the only two people in there at the time which was roughly 530pm).\n\nMen's bathroom was run down (faucet falling off the wall), dirty, and smelled like stale urine....I understand it is a bathroom but it doesn't have to smell that way! \n\nMy biggest beef is the price of liquor.....$7.50 for a call brand liquor (we ordered Captain Morgan/Coke and Malibu/Pineapple) served in rocks glasses. This establishment is no where near trendy enough to be running these kind of prices. I have bar tending experience and have travelled enough to know when to pay those prices and Charr is not it.\n\nHappy hour ran from 330-500(or close to that). This didn't make much sense to me...during the week most people are barely out of work by 5.\n\nI might return for food only if I happen to be in the area, but will never seek out or recommend Charr.
Staff here are very nice. I love that they dispense cutlery in a warm glass for sanitation. Their pho is good, but other foods are very questionable. The atmosphere is nice but then also plain and petite.
This use to be one of the best Pho restaurants in Toronto, though their quality has greatly diminished as time progressed. The food is only decent now. The food doesn't have the fresh rich taste anymore. Atmosphere is alright, typical Viet restaurant. Staff are also just alright. Nothing spectacular, nor good.
Place was pretty dumpy. The decor is outdated. The air conditioning in the lobby and bar was not working when it was almost 100 degrees outside. I was given a handicap room even though I am not handicapped. Pool was not open 5 out of the 6 days I was there. Fitness room was moved into a conference room due to construction. Very disappointing. They have really let this property go.
Horrible service, overpriced food.  Brugers are decent but inconsistent.  Tried it 3 times and its hit or miss.  For the price they should be awesome everytime.  I had a server tell me my opinion didnt matter when i complained.  AC ducts were leaking water on the counter from the ceiling (gross). Employees standing against the wall doing nothing with dirty tables, trash, etc all needing to be picked up.
My favourite Mexican in the city and a great spot in the summer for a patio dinner. It's a small space but it's definitely worth the wait. The portions of the tacos are giant, I always end up taking leftovers home (but also because I can't get enough of the guacamole).
We've been to Truscott Italian Bakery & Delicatessen a few times. To be fair, we've only had one item on the menu so I can only speak about that. I think it speaks volumes that we've ordered the same item for 3 visits in a row. Obviously it's delicious! We had the frozen espresso drink, which is more or less like a very thick frappuccino (or almost a soft serve coffee ice cream). It's thick and delicious with a great espresso flavour. It's served in a small glass with a teaspoon, or in a take out cup with a straw (but really is too thick to suck through the straw). I highly recommend it on a hot summer day. \n\nThis is also a bakery and small grocery store, with fresh bread and deli meats and lots of other grocery items (including some gluten-free cookies and crackers). \n\nWe brought the puppy on one of our visits and were told immediately that we could take her out onto the patio and they also brought her a dish of water. Very friendly staff and great service!
Fun! The Thai Chicken Sandwich is really good. They have some old school games that brought back fun memories
This location looks to be brand new.  I went through the drive-thru as it was kind of late (didn't even look to see if the dining room was still open) but the girl on the other end of the intercom system was very nice and my order was displayed on the screen in detail.\n\nMy only gripe is the wait... usually you can expect a pretty quick drive thru experience, but I had to wait a few minutes (seemed like hours since I was ridiculously hungry).\n\nThe food was hot and fresh and hit the spot.  \n\nOne thing to note if you are coming from I-77... this is a little far from the interstate.  Since it was dark, I just had to hope the taco bell was there and it was the "shining light" in the sea of darkness.... thank goodness.  I guess this area is still being developed so there are lots of gaps between civilization so it may seem like you are lost trying to get to here.
Visited this Red Bowl Asian Bistro for the first time a week or so ago.  It is a bit of a drive coming from Matthews, but I have some friends that live near the Carowinds area.  We could not decide on what we wanted to eat so this place as suggested.  I had never been there before, but I'm always open to trying new places.\n\nIt was a weekday night so the bistro was not too terribly crowded.\n\nI ordered the diner "bento box combo" which was a ton of food for a decent price.  The only problem was that everything on the menu sounded good to try!  I tasted their "bam bam shrip, spicy tuna roll, and white rice.  Everything was great!  Need to go back and try some of their other menu items.
Great food and service.  Very friendly and reasonable pricing.  Love the pizza, fried chicken and mussels the most.
Been wanting to try this place out for awhile since then opened a few months ago. They have an interesting setup for the restaurant. It's long and narrow with a high ceiling. There is a bar on the left when you walk in with booths and tables on the right. You are welcomed with three projectors showing anime (with no sound). They have some backgrounds music planting as well. \n\nThe menu is straight forward and simple. There primary focus is definitely Raman and drinks which they seem to do fairly well at. Most items are moderately priced.\n\nTheir staff was nice and meet our needs.\n\nIt looks like they are preparing to open another restaurant that is connected to this one in October. They said it will be an all you can eat Korean BBQ with a DJ. This will be an interesting mix of restaurants.\n\nThis is a decent place to go get some ramen.
Not an authentic Italian restaurant. But I love this place all the dishes I've tried were very good. I love there fried calamari with fresh fennel. And there seafood pasta in a white wine cream sauce. Is to die for. Price and portions are reasonable, service is very good. Not a place where you take small kids or family. I would recommend date night, friend night or even business meetings. The atmosphere is very modern and elegant. The only thing I would recommend is to get better desserts not a big fan of there lemon tirimisu.
There is nothing like getting a fresh hot doughnut other getting one that is custom made to order.  My favorite is the maple bacon and I feel like theirs is one of the best. They use bacon crumbles which makes the bacon ratio more even for each bite compared to a place that shall remain nameless that uses full strips of bacon and serves their donuts in a pink box. They may have created it but Duck donuts perfected it. \n\nI also like that they offer seasonal options like the current mint frost or drizzle. Parking can be difficult if you come during peak dining times as the share a parking lot with two great restaurants and a froyo place. You may have to park in the teeter parking lot but the walk is worth it.
Standard fare Chinese court food. \n\nI went with the General Tao with sides that consisted of steamed veggies and fried rice. The General Tao was good, the veggies were OK and the steam rice were very dry (as in cooked and heater for quite some time). If this is the best I can get during primetime lunches during the Holiday season..... I don't want to come here at any other time! \n\nPrice tag was about $12 and quite honestly, there are simply better options to be had. Average experience.
I love that I'm the second person to write a review about the Sheraton/wedding disaster situation from this weekend (AND I'm from a different bridal party).  There were at least 4 wedding parties staying there and I heard a bunch of complaints.\n\nWe were told the bride had the "Bridal Suite"; we went to check in and the room was a regular suite, frankly very small size for a bridal party to get ready in but fine.  More importantly, the curtains over the windows were caked in dust.  \n\nI had huge issues checking in the day of the wedding, they refused to call me when a room was available and insisted I keep checking back even though I was in the hotel already and trying to get hair and makeup done before the wedding.  I stayed at two other hotels earlier in the week and neither had any problem letting me try to check in early.  \n\nWe ordered breakfast from room service, the eggs tasted like plastic and they didn't bring butter or jam or anything for the toast.  $60 breakfast for two people and it was awful.  \n\nAlong with another wedding, we headed to the bar for an after party.  The bartenders were AWFUL.  I get that it was busy but we've all been to busy bars before and there is no need to be plain rude.  \n\nWe had a great wedding but I would never go back to this hotel.
This place is in the middle of nowhere. I happened to stumble upon this place when I was in the area for driving school.\n\nI think it's better than Eggsmart! The breakfast is quite cheap. Everything is made fresh - even the fruits are fresh! My boyfriend had an omelette meal and I had a burger. Surprisingly, both the breakfast and lunch food were great! My burger was quite big and tasty. The omelette had many miscellaneous foods on the inside. The portions were huge. \n\nServers were a bit slow (it was very busy). It took a while for the food to come but it was worth it in the end! There is free wifi. The atmosphere is nothing special.
They weren't busy, I walked in was the only person in line. They had a good special for two doughnuts and a coffee for $4. The void toner service was alright. I told the lady I had never been and she gave me recommendations. I got the cin sugar and chocolate dipped with coconut flakes. They were both warm and tasty. I recommend this place for a quick cheap spot for some tasty breakfast.
Great atmosphere, cool bar with reasonable beers.  The Friday fish fry is spectacular.  \n\nWent there on a Tuesday, looking for a prime rib sandwich.  Out of prime rib.  \n\nOrdered a bacon cheeseburger medium.  Came back well well done.  Sent it back, second one came back well done.  Choked it down.  \n\nWill go back for the fish fry, no other night.
Kind of an odd spot, but there's a lot of "interesting" people who go in their late night.
A great co-worker brought them to our office.  They were still barely warm--I really liked them A LOT!!!  Even at room temp.--YUM!!!   I did not like them, though, when I went to their store & ate them hot right out of the box. They needed time to cool down a bit---only then could I enjoy the delicious flavor. The maple topped ones are my fav!
Such an awesome place.  I have a love/hate relationship with the fact it's so close to my house.  I'm proud that I've only been twice.... and those two times were magical.
Donuts made to order with any icing, drizzles, or toppings you like!  Best part is, their cake donut is so perfectly delicious with ever so slightly crispy outside and chewy inside that any combination of sauce/toppings will always result in an excellent donut!
They serve average store bought food. When asked if they make anything in the restaurant, the answer was NO!! Staff is not friendly. Also, most places serve halal gyros and shawarma as it's easily available at Restaurant Depot but here nothing is halal.
The best donuts !! You create your own donut flavors which is prefect. You watch them mach your prefect !! Love it!!
Typical HK style cafe right across Markville. \n\nThis place has a huuuge menu. Food is ok la in my opinion. Ordered the curry with pancake which needs more pancake lol and the black pepper beef noodles which had a huge portion!! \n\nThe short haired lady with the bob is pretty rude. When she took back our menus she just threw them onto the table beside us loooool. But the other one is pretty nice so she makes up for it. \n\nThey didnt have wifi when I came in even though they advertised free wifi outside their door... Boo!
Burgers great! Service great! Beer selection good. Music playlist is annoying at best. Fix the playlist and you get more stars from me.
Came here on vacation with my family and was very disappointed. We spent $100 to last a while for the kids.  Over the course of an hour and a half my kids had easily accumulated nearly 2,000 tickets when we got to the cash out the girl at the register said we only had 320 tickets. My son played the fish game like 10 times alone and hit the 500 grand prize and 150 twice the girl said oh the machine isn't working then maybe put an out of order sheet on it.  Needless to say my kids got hosed and were upset about not being able to get what they wanted.  I even offered to just buy the toys they wanted and again the girl said uh we can't do that.  If I could give no stars I would.  BUYER BEWARE!
They have turned this place around! Quality food. Welcoming and hospitable hosts and servers. Had pizza and salad and were treated like we were spending a zillion dollars; they treat everyone nicely.\n\nBaked goods are outstanding. All freshly made. Cookies, pastries to eat there or take away. Split a freshly made connolli that was excellent. This place is on our list for frequent return visits.
Great and prompt service. If you haven't been before you must try the daily special. The spicy soup was out of this world.
E-sports section of Gameworks  is the real gem. I bring my son all the time and every  employee that works there is awesome! They have a great selection of games and stay up to date. Also, if you ever get hungry or thirsty you can order from the menu while you play. Can't beat that.
We went here for a late lunch (around 3) and barely anyone was there. But the food was hot and everything was full.\n\nIt's a little pricey for a buffet ($9 for lunch, $13 for dinner) but they have a huge selection, including hibachi. Their sushi is spot on, too. Personally I was surprised by their fruit. Not only was there a lot of the normal fruit (pineapple, watermelon, cantaloupe), it was extra ripe. Expertly picked. I couldn't get enough\n\nThey also had sautéed bok choy, which I'm a huge fan of. Everything was well cooked and the selection was huge. Needless to say this is now our regular lunch buffet stop.
Dinner here was okay but not great.  The salsas was fresh and I liked the hot sauces on the table.  The space was very cramped especially for my tall husband.  We felt like we couldn't really get comfortable enough to enjoy ourselves. The tacos were good but the enchiladas wasn't great.  They looked much better then they tasted.  Overall it was an okay experience.  Wouldn't be rushing to go back.
Worst food I have ever eaten. The Pad Tai was horrible. Way over priced too. The waitress could not even understand our questions or our order.
The donuts were very good.\nThe selection was amazingly good.\nThe store was clean.\nThe employees were very nice and helpful.\nThe prices were great.\nThe store location was convenient.\nI can't think of a single bad thing to say.\nI love this place.
Great breakfast spot in Scarborough. I had the breakfast special, $5.99 for 3 eggs, sausage (can also get bacon), toast, fruit, and hash browns. The hash browns were home made with spices. Great experience overall and really good prices. Will be back
At first we were happy to see a Red Bowl withing golf cart driving distance in Sun City.  The bloom is now off that red rose.\n\nA luncheon for one of our clubs worked out.  It was not crowded, the food arrived together and was just fine.  My hopes rose as we had not been back for months after three bad experiences.\n\nWell, good was not to last.  Two more dinner occasions and the tastes were just "off."  Their fusion is not working well.\n\nThe blends of shrimp, chicken and scollops tasted as if dish soap was mixed in.  Another evening, which my wife insisted we go back to eat, I ordered a simple pork fried rice and could only eat a small portion.  How do you screw up fried rice?  The pork was greasy, much of the rice hard and crunchy and it was gummy.  Ahhhhhh!\n\nWe will not be back.  How sad as the Charlotte location seemed to get it right, but I am not going back there for a comparison, either.\n\nBye, bye Red Bowl Indian Land.
I had my first great banh cuon experience at Pho Linh and ever since I can remember, I've only ordered banh cuon take out from here. They make it real good serving up big portions where they generously give larger fillings of minced pork and mushroom into each roll. This dish is very satisfying as it is cheap so it'll give you a run for your money! They also have a variety of genuine Vietnamese drinks that should be tried since you might not find them at any other Vietnamese restaurants such as che ba mau, suong sao etc. since the make time is a bit tedious. Spring rolls are also a must get appetizer as they are made crunchy with a delicious meat filling. My mouth is watering just talking about it.
1/ I come here for comfort food from home. This place is used to be known for their Steamed rice rolls a long time ago but recently I find they don't use the traditional way to make the rice wrap anymore. Therefore, the Rice roll is tasted different but still ok. Other food, such as Pho or Bun Bo Hue, is still number one on our list. My husband loves the avocado shake of this particular location. They make it better than most places.\n\n2/ It is time for this location to upgrade their interior decor since I notice the seat cushion on their bends is dated and torn. The washroom needs to be fixed and brighten it up. It is always out of hand soap or tissue. \n\n3/ Customer service is no where friendly but not rude either; no acknowledgement if they notice you're their regulars. \n\n4/ Cleanliness: on average side. They should learn how to clean the table better after the customers leave. \n\nOverall: still return for the food whenever we are in downtown big TO but looking elsewhere for alternative.
I wish I could describe this place. But, it may take too many words. Or maybe, the word doesn't exist yet. Unique, delicious, indulgent, delightful, game-changing, fresh, swift, ambience. I could go on. And provide an endless list of run-on sentences lol. From 6-9:57am today, I've burned 1114 calories. This is how 5 out of 7 days, begin for me. So, I call it my "burn it to earn it" method. Burn a bunch of calories before noon. And reward myself with donuts that never make it out the parking lot(see attached photo).
Best skinny little fries.  They serve them in these little wire baskets that look like miniature fryers.  The burgers are good, of course, but salads are pretty good too.  Last visit I had the grilled chicken and was very impressed.  The beer selection is pretty good.  Their wine list is also good.
I hate bashing new and upcoming food place here @ Laveen. But when we pay almost triple the price for the same item in near businesses then we have a problem. \n\nLet me list the reasons that smash failed at:\n\n1. Bland flavor, their famous classic smash burger was bland, and that's with 2 patty's that I ordered. I took 2 bites- and I was done.\n2. Oily fries. I kid you not, our fries basket was dripping with oil- if that's your thing come right in.\n3. Pricey- the price is ridiculous. For the burger that's no problem, but to get an extra 3.99 for just a regular fries and a regular drink? That's a meal on another business-LOL! For 2 people you might end up paying 25 bucks for 2 burgers... \n4. Register not paying attention, I ordered to dine in, I got to go. First thing I asked the moment I walked in if their participating in the BOGO- still charged without the BOGO, had to remind her yet again before I got charged. Alot of talking between the teenagers that runs the place, unfortunately less working. \n\n\n\nI should took the sign when I saw the manager and one worker from smash walking away from dunkin donuts buying what looks like a shake (which smash has), and something for lunch. When workers don't eat what their selling, that's a huge sign!\n\nTake this review and save your money. And when I say I would rather eat from McDonald's or Carl's Jr across the street then that says alot. I have eaten at a Smash before and I actually liked their classic but I never remembered it to be this bland and to be so oily. I ALSO want to add how they advertise that's their meat is fresh- I beg to differ. Go try Wendy's burger in 35th ave... you'll taste the big difference!! \n\nI believe that the owner can make this work, if the right people are hired, it feels like there's no quality at all on the food their serving... sorry to say but I don't see this place staying there for long.
Went last Saturday.  Line out the door despite the rainy morning.  Donuts were awesome as always and moved fairly quickly.  Friendly service and price is stellar for quality.  French Toast is my fav...wife loves the Reese's.  My wife was pretty disappointed there was no milk in the cooler...she would take off a star for that since she's not a coffee person.  \n\nFor $1.20 for a fresh donut MTO with any frosting and topping you want--can't beat it!
I can't rave enough about this place. We've never had ramen before and Kyle, our server,  was very good at explaining everything.  From amazing appetizers to phenomenal ramen, factor in excellent service...this place has it all! We can't wait to come back and bring friends!!!!  We had 3 different appetizers and 2 types of ramen....amazing!!!  In 2 months they are opening individual grills with 27 different cuts of meat. Can't wait to try it!!!!!  We intend to be regulars.
Pretty good little lunch spot.  Food is simple, fresh, and flavorful.  Nice change of scenery after spending so much time in the hospital.
Food was good but not great.  I would give them another chance.  Interior decor was nice and homey.
Probably the best pho Ive ever had, it was delicious. Staff was friendly and gave us napkins. Definitely will be coming back...soon.
I love it here the burgers are awesome and the zombie drink is fucking amazing two if those and you can't walk straight also got chicks what more do you need and it's a sweet looking place to always a good time
Arrived with a party of 8 expecting a typical sushi place.  \nInstead, we had an entire menu of sushi and sashimi PLUS a full menu of Vietnamese cuisine to choose from!\nThey accommodated our party right away.  The waiter was very attentive.\nEverything was delicious - hot food arrived hot, cold food was cold, all sauces were wonderful...Even the littlest one found something on the menu.\nDelicious, and we will all be going back.
I love Barrio, but this location has some of the worst service I've ever experienced. I'm an avid fan of taco Tuesday so I went once a week for almost a month and a half since moving here. Service was great the first two times but steadily declined. The hostesses never seem to know what's going on and offer to seat me in a happy hour area only to not have tables available. Waiters have started becoming more standoffish. And I had the worst bartender I've ever had here two weeks ago. The minute my friend and I sat down he barely looked at us, took 15 minutes to bring our drinks, didn't bring chips and salsa without me asking and then essentially threw them at us, and would look at our taco orders but didn't take them to put them in for over 20 minutes after noticing them. He also was rude to the customers nearby and never brought one girl her drink. While there's more to the story I experienced, I also found out he dropped a drink on my friends a week before and I'm sure he's done this to others. I was so uncomfortable I don't plan on going back to this location...
A decent place to dine-in. I went in with some office colleges for lunch. Plenty of seating, the server was very friendly, food came out in a a little slow but was hot! The server did apologized for the delay in food. \n\nPricing was friendly on the pocket. I ordered the Tom Xao Sot Tay Xi (Stir Fried Shrimp with Black Bean), which was quite tasty and the Bean sauce went well with the Shrimp and vegetables. The portion size was perfect and the dish had little kick to it which was nice. \n\nOverall the food was good, restaurant & tables were clean . Parking is not a problem as its part of a plaza.
I am so kicking myself for not checking this place out sooner! Their donuts are custom-made for you, the base donut is so delicious with a perfect balance of density and softness, and they're toppings are absolutely yummy! I ordered the maple glazed with bacon topping and a strawberry glazed with rainbow sprinkles. This will be my new donut go to from now on out! My only critique would actually be of the decaf coffee which was a bit watered-down but other than that they rock!
There are no cooks in this restaurant you get a actual chef to make your fresh cut meat and fresh deep fried chips , and delicious salsa !! Got to say that everything was so good the flavor of the rice and the beans were so good !! Big plates and great costumer service!!! You must go to this place don't let the location fool you it's worth it and affordable.
I was trying to have a good day with son, but a lot of games kept malfunctioning . Here's why Star is low , because when I got a credit back from manager from a broken game , he made no effort to place a sign on game so the next person wouldn't get ripped off. If I was close to game, I would tell a gamer not to play, but throughout time I was there , I saw several kids getting ripped off, but they would just walk away, I guess the manager knew that someone like me, asking for credit back was rare , so he was making money by just leaving game unfixed. Place stinks with odor, workers seem to not care, and manager acts like he's to good for his job. This place is just 'Hype'.
Well I have been around town pretty much I test everything and post reviews. And on that note I will NEVR post a bad review I will call the owner direct as it's not my choice to ruin any business.. I  love Adrianna .. and my favorite things are the sweet potato fries the spinach dip and the fried pickles omg !!!!! Not to mention I'm a real advocate on mutts nuts man I love that beer but it wasn't available tonight but I got the next best recommendation . So stop by on a night when u can and ask for Adrianna  \nHumbly TK
Don't be deceived by the appearance of this place. Its one of the best Pho places I've tried in Toronto. Definitely worthwhile to try their weekday and weekends special. They also have a wide variety Hue style vietnamese food.\n\nAlthough I find that the beef that they used were quite fatty, the speed of things that came after ordering was pretty fast. Bonus points for an impatient person like me! The weekday special beef stew is a must try as the broth is flavourful, deep and rich. Almost reminds me of an Ox Tail base soup.\n\nThe Hue style rice cakes are also a must not miss dish. Its not often every Vietnamese restaurant in Toronto has this dish and does it well. This place is so affordable, fast and food is good. On weekends, the place gets fairly packed. A great place for its delicious, cheap and amazing Vienamese food.
This is strictly the review of their online order advertised on their website.  I ordered a cake on Sept 22 for the 8" strawberry meringue cake for pick up on Sept 27.  Ideally, I would like another email to confirm my order is ready for pick up other than the acknowledgement that my order was placed. Anyways, when I arrived on the 27 to get the cake, none of the staff there knew about it. I had to show them my order ( btw that was already paid by cc from their online order system). And they had to scramble for 5 minutes to ask other staff if they had my order.  One of them finally called the owner I guess to confirm that my order was placed.  Luckily, they had the cake available for me to pick up but that's only because they made a bunch to sell for their display case. If I had come later during the day I'm sure they wouldn't have the cake I wanted available.  Not only that,i had indicated on my order to write"happy birthday" on the cake the staff said because of the cake I ordered, they couldn't write it on the cake and had to charge me an extra 50 cents to write it on a piece of chocolate.  ***Guess what, look at Nathan's Aug 19 2016 review, the cake he ordered they were able to write on the cake***\n\nOur family has been coming here for the past 15 years on special occasions and this experience left a bad taste in my mouth.  Definitely wont be coming back after this!
REALLY good cheese pizza--some of my favorite in the Burgh! I find Mineo's to be super-cheesy and the best crust from Pizza Perfectta in Shadyside.
Yep, bohemian? Is that the word to describe it? \nWas a bit taken back at the fact you have to take your shoes off at this place. \nInteresting atmosphere, people bringing their own instruments to play or maybe were they there from the place for people to use, Im not sure. Little cubby hole seatings, a seat for one or larger groups, places by the window that have no seating just a raised platform with rugs to sit on with low tables for your food. Note books for people to randomly leave their mark and for you to read or view the art left by others. The crowd I would describe was quite "earthy". Almost like walking into a different zone all together. \nHowever, once I got over that and had their healthy food. Oh it was pretty tasty. Looked and was pretty simple meals but surprisingly there was some goood flavor in it too! And to know you are eating healthy - well done Bampot! Had the hummus and salad. But the pitas almost tasted like they were home made (maybe they were I didnt ask) and the salad dressing?! I asked what was in it but really they should just bottle that up and sell it. \nThe tea I chose was a miss sorry to say. I think it was a chai base and apple or something I forget (was a month ago). My friend's mango one apparently was very tasty!\nOnly thing, the tea did not seem too hot when it came out.\nThe waitress got some things off, as my friend had to wait exceptionally long for her poutine soup - which they got mixed up with another dish and only told us until we questioned the long wait (my other friends were hungry and already almost finished their meal before my other friend got hers) and by that time she just changed it to the carrot soup which was already available. \nYou do have to be open minded about the eclectic earthy hippy atmosphere and who ever you bring should be like that too. \nWell I am not much of a bohemian, the service is questionable at times, but Im interested in teas and healthy food that tastes good!
Says they deliver and they're open until midnight. But when i called an hour and a half before they close at 10:30 they said they don't deliver passed at a certain time. They just lost $50 and a potential regular.
Great food, awesome drinks! Patio is tres cute and the staff was very nice! Would go back for their ceviche and steak!
The shrimp on sugar cane search has not ended here.  The sugar cane was so small that it was hidden in the shrimp (which I didn't notice through 3 slices of the shrimp(?) mixture.  Interesting idea but more successful theoretically than practically.  The grilled pork was fine.  Despite the many pictures of mint, there was no mint/basil/coriander or peanuts on the dish.  The spring rolls were a little undercooked and more mushy than noodle-y.\n\nThe avocado shake was good-creamy and not-too-sweet.\n\nOverall the place was okay, but not good enough to go back.
Bleh! I only come here to get out the house when I want to use the computer. The internet speed is pretty fast and the ambiance is nice.\n\nThe morning server has yet to even smile at me, and has said as little as possible every time I come here. I've seen her be friendly with other customers.\nI don't drink coffee so I order tea. I've tested 4 different teas and it just does not steep well. I'm better off ordering hot water.\nThe small selection of food that they do sell does not appease my eyes or taste buds. I just wish they sold fruit too like apples and bananas, how hard is that?\n\nIf I could walk to a Starbucks, I would go there instead.
I'm not sure why this place is getting bad reviews. The food is awesome! We started with the Greek meatballs. They were super tender and full of flavor. Being from the south, I couldn't get my eyes away from the pork loin sandwich. I was so happy with my choice. I especially liked the spicy pickles that accompanied the dish. My companion ordered the chicken fried steak and loved every bite.
This seemingly fun place that is hampered by a completely inept staff and a bunch of games in various states of disrepair.\n\nI could've gotten over the staff being crappy if I could just play games that actually worked. I'll just go to the Pinball Hall of Fame to satisfy my nerdy urges properly.
I'm guessing that the 3 star yelp rating is due to the fact that they used to be a hooters style T&A place with good food to back it up. Apparently, they could tell it was hurting more than it was helping & they've since dropped that angle in favor of a more homey family friendly bar/eatery. The christmas ale I had was great, our server Lauren was cheery, upbeat, knowledgeable about the menu, and super patient with us as we figured out what we wanted. We got a lot of appetizers & there were so much room for at least one of them to be not-so-good or messed up in some way, but everything we ate was really top notch bar food. The chicken bites were tender & moist & the sauces were great with them. My burger was enormous and was perfectly cooked. The Fish & chips were crispy & savory & the fries were fantastic, not to mention you can get regular fries, cajun fries, or garlic parmesan tater tots. The prices were all also totally reasonable for the portion size & quality. I was really impressed with this place. As far as sports bars go, it's as good as they come, IMO.
We had 60 people coming into town for a meeting last week, and needed a lunch that would make everyone happy. D'Lish was a fabulous choice!  The staff was so helpful in planning the menu, and gave us a great selection to choose from.  The presentation showed a great attention to detail, and the food was delicious and healthy!  It gave everyone just the boost we needed to keep working :)\nI would absolutely recommend D'Lish for your next work meeting!
I gotta say, this place is my new favorite spot. I've never been to brick house pre-revamp, but I've heard some horror stories (from women) and I gotta say the new uniforms are better suited to the atmosphere. Covered up women allow the restaurant to do what it's supposed to do: dazzle the fuck out of you. Decor is simple, tasteful and upscale, and the food is amazing. Drink selection is one of the best I've seen. Beer for years, cocktails are mixed right. This isn't applebees though, so your wallet is gonna take a hit. Two cocktails and chops ran me $40. Absolutely. Fucking. Worth it. Stop reading, go there. Now.
This place is pretty awesome. Somewhere all age groups can go and have fun. There's arcade games,  bowling, pool, large tv's for sports, a bar, food; with all of that you're going to be entertained at some point. It's just like Dave and Buster's if you know what that is, but maybe a little better. I would definitely come back, and also suggest that you try it, cool place to hang out and there's so many other things within walking distance of this place(food,  bars, clubs, shopping, movie theater).
The best Jamaican food that I have tasted so far in Charlotte. I ordered the jerk chicken, rice and peas, cabbage, and Mac n cheese. All of it was finga lickin good. The chicken is actually grilled and not baked like most places I've been to in town. Lastly I received great service and recommend you this spot if you want some great Caribbean food.
Amazingly delicious. All made to order and completely customizable. I love that they're all served warm. Reminded me of Krispy Kreme's hot nows, but with a lot more options on flavor. Favorite is the peanut butter icing with chocolate drizzle.
We frequent this location as well as Hacienda quite frequently and have always had exceptional food. The chips and salsa/guacamole are great starters, as is the ceviche (super fresh!). The tacos are delicious and perfectly sized, and the drinks are always great. It's a pretty tight spot so expect to be seated very close to your neighbors! We had one experience here with incredibly sub-par service, but every other time the servers have been attentive and helpful. Great spot!
Make the trip over to get Happy Hour that I see advertised on their website.  It's a nice day so my friend and I wanted to eat out side, however you can ONLY order happy hour when you sit at the bar.  Wait staff and bartender were rude, so I decided to walk across the street where there was a real happy hour.  Had a much better experience there.  Won't be coming back.
These donuts are like no other! I love the cake-like texture, and you can tell that they are fresh! I had originally been to Cary, NC location, and was excited to see that I could still get a hold of these tasty treats after I moved to Charlotte.
Glad we have pho in walking distance! Clean restaurant, friendly service, great food (big portions for a low price). We'll be visiting again
Worth it. We are born and raised Californians looking for decent sushi. FOUND IT. Went for Father's Day and my hubby is super picky. Fresh tasting dishes, pho wasn't bad at all, and I got my hot sake. Can't go wrong. Plus, it was kid friendly regardless of our toddler being a total jerk at the table. The waitress and owner were super accommodating for the kids. It's difficult to find a place willing to accommodate the whole family the way they did. Go and try it out. Good food. Decent service. Prices match the quality.
I have been here several times and it was ok, unfortunately tonight's poor experience outweighs that.  Sushi was "ok", but our entrées were not good at all. Our waitress was nice but not attentive at all. Although we arrived an hour and 1/2 before close we felt like we were rushed out. Also, the place was freezing.
Went to go see the hateful 8 at AMC and it was sold out...so my GF and I decided to stop at GameWorks after some post Xmas shopping. As an esports fan, I had to see that area. It's pretty cool to see GW recognize how big the esports industry really is. Upon entering, I was impressed by the variety, design and vibe of the esports area. I was greeted by Carlos, the manager, who told me that Alex and V (can't remember her full name) would take good care of us. They had amazing service and as we were playing Halo 5 I noticed V handle a group of loitering obnoxious teens (I rarely use this word, I'm still a big kid) like a pro. They made sure we were taken good care of. Well done everyone, will be back for sure. Very happy with my time spent there tonight.
Phenomenal service and beautiful/heated back patio that is surprisingly spacious for the neighbourhood. \n\nCheap drinks (try the $5 Chula Lager brewed by Wellington) and great apps - we had the chips & dips, zucchini fritters, shrimp ceviche, chorizo and crispy avocado and all were very tasty with terrifically flavourful sauces. \n\nTacos were top notch - tortillas could have been a bit fresher but still kept together. Tried chicken, shrimp, beef and lobster. All great. \n\nAnd the dessert - churo sundae - amazing\nA+ service as well
This place is open and airy, which are two things I like in a dim sum restaurant.  It also has cart service, which is mandatory for any legit dim summer.  \n\nYou have to be careful with these fellas though.  During 'happy hour' (I call it happy hour but I don't think they do, I think it's 11AM-4PM on weekdays and before noon on weekends) every dish is $2.20.  That's what they advertise.  So how is it that 6 dishes can leave you with a total bill of $26.35.\n\nI've investigated this on several occasions testing the procedures at the cash and I have reached the following conclusions:\n\n(1) Tea is not free.  In fact, it costs anywhere from $1.50 to $3.00 per person.  If you don't want the tea, tell them no thanks when they drop it on you at the outset.   They will look at you like you just turned down free tea, but of course you know better.\n\n(2) Any dish not taken off a cart carries an additional charge between $5.00-$7.00.  Stick to the carts.  If you just need something and can't wait then ask for it but make sure it is marked off in the standard part of the dim sum card, otherwise it will cost you a lot more.\n\n(3) Tax...call it 28% roughly.\n\n(4) The lady or gentleman at the cash does not follow any schema for doing maths.  He or she will write a series of numbers on top of one another with lots of lines, as though they are calculating something and totalling up the numbers.  The result will be higher than expected every time and they will not give you this document.\n\nIn any event, enjoy the dim sum but watch out for the nickel and diming.\n\n***ADDENDUM - the 'happy hour' deal is not available on holidays.  The definition of holiday includes every day between Christmas and New Years.
OMG. That's all I really have to say. Best donuts I have tasted! Good prices and friendly service! I love this place so much. Every donut is great but I favor the maple bacon, because who wouldn't?!! Love!!!!!!!!!
Thai express has been consistently busy since it opened with regular line ups.  I have only eaten a fresh spring roll... Which was really tasty although I received a thick peanut spread to eat with it which was a bit odd.  My friends really enjoyed their food from here.
Duh- make your own delicious doughnut need we say more?!  Original one in Duck is best, but I'm all about making my own nut! Lol
Food portions have decreased in size but remains good quality...service at the bar was not what I'm used to...and I actually don't require much.....Alan is a new young ass hole that was so rude I had to ask to be helped by someone else Rosa did a good job cleaning up his mess he put the order in wrong and then claimed that he was sick as well to Rosa so that's why he was being a jerk ...ummmmmm I can't act that way when I go to work so I don't except it from anyone else I am a 20 percent tipper all the time sorry Rosa tell Alan to grow the hell up life brings colds some time
I came here for lunch on the weekend. We had the option of a lunch buffet or menu items. We opted for the buffet since we wanted to sample their items. Pricing was a little higher than the typical Indian buffets to which I'm accustomed. It was shy of $17 per person. They had maybe 10 food items available for tasting, and I was disappointed by how it was managed. There wasn't much food in the trays and essentially we were left digging in the sauce for food. Service at the table was good but that didn't compensate for the service at the buffet. The restaurant is small and quaint. I will definitely be back to try the menu items.
This place is a little difficult to find but was recommended by a friend and had to see what he was raving about. I've been here a couple of times now and I would definitely come by here if I'm in the area.\n\nI've had the chicken sandwich, rice ball with tomato sauce and the wife has always gotten the ravoli with tomato sauce. Everything is pretty good and would not hesitate to venture further into the menu the next time I'm in the area.
I ordered the veggie pho and the veggie bahn mi sandwich (delivered by postmates). The sandwich was on awesome crispy and chewy bread, the tofu was cooked perfectly, and the toppings were awesome with enough sauce so that it was not dry. The soup was incredibly flavorful, I could taste all the spices, particularly star anise. The soup came with a huge takeout box filled with tons of glass noodles, lime, veggies, and a small amount of the two pho sauces. It is a ton of food. Tastes so, so good. Love that they open at 9am. I'll definitely order from here again, SOON.
I went with a friend and was amazed at the yummy Thanksgiving wrap! OMG! I have had other turkey sandwiches with cranberry sauce etc..this was a grilled wrap filled with juicy marinated turkey...so moist. Cranberry chutney...YUM! and the best part...those crispy onions things you put on the infamous green bean casserole! HOLY COW! CRUNCHY, warm and pure HEAVEN! \nMy friend had a salad and said it was good....just good. Nothing to write home about.
Always excellent service from Jill and all the staff. Outstanding food. Love the eggplant parm and the veal parm. Huge and delicious meatballs. Oversize portions make perfect lunch the next day. Make reservations!
We started with Aloo Tikki. It was good but I don't like one of the spices in the garbanzo beans, The Aloo Tikki last week in West Palm, Fla, was infinitely better. I had chicken korma which again had that taste I am not too keen on, similar to nutmeg or cloves, which I have not noticed in any korma I have ever had previously. The korma sauce was very thick and I liked it but it was much thicker than the usual korma sauce in most other places and although it was good and certainly quite different, I think I prefer the usual consistency. But it is nice to have something different for a change. The onion naan was possibly a little underdone and slightly doughy, though it too was good and i suspect it was not so much underdone as that this is the way it is served at this restaurant. What was over was taken home and certainly thoroughly enjoyed the next day so it's fair to say I would recommend this restaurant. \n\nMy chief complaint would be the noise. When we walked in we were pleased to see that there were many Indian customers, always a good sign in an Indian restaurant. But it was noisy and the most noise came from a crying baby. This is not the baby's fault - I wish people with very young children would have the decency to do what I did when my kids were young... leave them at home!! Many people say that if you can't afford to leave at least a 15% - 20% tip then you can't afford to eat out. I think if you can't afford to find a babysitter so you can enjoy your evening and in particular so you can NOT spoil the evening for others, then PLEASE stay home. As usual, the people with the baby were impervious to its crying, they were obviously so accustomed to it that it does not bother them. I am not sure whether to hold this against the restaurant. they could have asked the people to take the baby outside until it settled, but it was cold outside and I wouldn't want to make them do that to the kid. It's a difficult situation for the resaurant but if I go again and the same thing happens again I will mark it down as a family restaurant and keep away when I don't want to deal with the noise of babies crying.
Best tacos in Toronto, hands down. I always get the chorizo queso tacos, al pastor and fish tacos. Way better than seven lives where they use thick store bought flour tortillas . All of the tacos are well crafted, with the perfect accompaniments to the meat - I hate having to top my own tacos (looking at you again, seven lives), surely certain toppings go better with certain meats! Be sure to make a reservation as its a small space that fills up quickly. There is also some limited street parking available.
If you haven't tried Trattoria Italia yet, gooooo! We've been here a handful of times and each time, the food was excellent. They can get pretty busy, but service is still great and they have a tempting dessert display at the front counter - definitely worth grabbing a few things on the way out.\n\nI love a good calamari and theirs doesn't disappoint. The insalata is delish and so filling - greens, roasted peppers, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and mozzarella. I'm getting hungry just writing this review! The fettuccini bolognese tastes like the sauce has been simmering on the stove all day and the lasagna is flavorful without being too rich or cheesy.\n\nThey take reservations so be sure to call ahead!
The penultimate gyros and honestly the best fries I have ever had in C-U.  I love this place so much that if I were ever on death row and had to order my last meal, it would be a medium gyros, hold the onion with a basket of fries from Zorba's!  The only negative is the pervasive lack of parking in campustown.
A nice touch to the Cleveland Heights area, just a stones throw away from downtown Cleveland aka 15 minutes. Located next to the Fairmount Inn and across the street from BW3, it is located on the south western roundabout side. FYI, it is best to park in the back unless you can parallel park in the front, you make the call.\n\nLike the other locations, the food is delectable and fits all cravings alike, especially the Coca Cola steak. For the first time, I tried the trio consisting of the guacamole, salsa verde and queso dip, which were superb. To say nothing was left would be an understatement.\n\nThe ambiance and atmosphere are very relaxed and chilled, which is fabulous for all alike to join. Come earlier or plan on waiting in a very congested holding area, which is directly in front of the doors...not fun. The hostess and host were surprisingly not very hospitable, which gave me a bad taste prior to being seated, which made me place this in the bottom two of the four locations. The service and food did help shake this shock, but come on. \n\nRemember, you can always place a to-go order in, which took 12 minutes to get back, pretty decent for a Thursday night. Also, soon enough the patio will be opening and holding 15-20 tables; cheers to that and patio season.\n\nSo, create your own taco, grab a one of a kind margarita and enjoy.
Food: Bad - Pathetic\n\nCreativity: None\n\nSpace: Ample\n\nPrice: Ok\n\nService: Good
Ugh!  I hate that I have found this place!  It's soooo good.  Seriously cake batter donuts?!   It's too much...and all the different varieties?!  Who do they think they are?? Summer is like next week and I have no self control!  I am however a simple gal and my fave is the glazed.  So light and heavenly.  It's difficult to have just one and also wait long enough to not burn my mouth....yes that's right people!  They serve them fresh, hot and made to order!  The upside is they are located near a yoga studio so why not treat yourself after a class?  I bought two dozen to a neighbors' party and asked the duck server to mix it up with a nice variety.  Needless to say my neighbors were cursing me and thanking me at the same time and the fan favorite was definitely the maple bacon but I don't think anyone was disappointed!
The rice they give you in a bento box is the size of two sushi. You can finish it in two bites. Shrimp tempura is mostly flour. Service is really bad too. Don't even serve you water or tea.
Honestly every time I go here the games are always broken and take my credits. It makes me sad. I also feel that the games take way too many credits to play especially for them to be broken. I always think "hey lets go to gameworks" and then I realize how bad it is everytime hahaha. Granted I hate chuck e cheese but it's way better as far as games go it also feels more liberating with actual tickets in your hand. I do prefer the people at gameworks VS chuck e cheese because it's flooded with little kids. Anyways Gameworks is ok... I guess lol
I was actually starting to like this place. But this is what happened, so I go in and I order the baked cannelloni. The gentleman I gave my order to I think is either the manager or the owner he's the bald headed guy. So I get my food and then after I'm about a third into my food he brings over my bread which I thought was a little late I mentioned it to him and he did not respond. I think maybe if he wasn't on his stupid computer I would have got better service. The food here is very good but that was very disappointing. And the little bread knots that he gave me were stale. One time before I did order dessert to go and I was going to let it slide but that too was stale I think it's been sitting in the glass case for way too long. Too many Italian restaurants in this town not going to go back.
Don Taco has great authentic Mexican food at a reasonable price. I had three tacos; shrimp, fish and shredded chicken with a side of rice and a side of beans. Each taco was loaded and all the ingredients tasted fresh. My boyfriend had the picadillo burrito which was HUGE. We shared some of their home-made lemonade which was a great thirst-quencher. The space isn't that big, with only two or three tables for two and one bar with stools along the side of the restaurant. They make the food Dailey quickly so it's decent for takeout! Highly recommended!
I have been to this location 4 times total and every time they have gotten my order right and the customer service was pretty good and I didn't see a homeless person in any of my visits. First off if homeless people bother you then your in the wrong city my friend cause Vegas is the capital of panhandlers,beggers,scammers,homeless etc in my opinion. The city is 24 hours and the #1 tourist destination in the world so what do you expect. Back to this McDonalds here is my overall rating.\nI got 3 things I look for at any establishment.\n#1-Cleanliness\n#2-Customer service\n#3-Food Quality\n*Cleanliness- overall it was pretty clean from the bathroom to the play area. B+\n*Customer Service- B They smiled and created me and said thank you.\n*Food Quality- Its McDonalds what do you expect???? The food was warm and the parfait was good as always. B *********Update********** A homeless person just walked in. I guess since he had a backpack and wasn't well shaved that must put him in that category so don't come here now disregard my review this place is scary and unsafe because of this character!!!!!!!!!!
Honest review from someone who has been here quite a few times over the years...\n\nAs a guy, I would be lying if I said I wasn't slightly disappointed when they went from scantily clad to mostly clad.  At least they are still easy on the eyes (how do they do this?).  Anyway..in my opinion the food is overpriced but decent.  Not gourmet, but decent.  The best thing on the menu is the Yardbird chicken sandwich with tater tots.  Very Good!\n\nI do like the atmosphere, patio is nice, as are the fireplaces.  Nice place to take a date.  But the seats at the bar are so worn and rickety, you are constantly wondering when they are going to collapse and make you look like a fool in front of the cute staff!  For the prices they charge, could they at least replace the chairs??\n\nOverall, a nice place to hang out with consistent, albeit not exceptional, food.
Great little place.  Most dishes are $9.99, great lunch, burgers cooked to order with different toppings on it.   Very large portions. Owner was very friendly as was the staff.  I'd visit again.  The building is old but they've done a great job fixing it up in an airplane motif.
5 stars for their famous mango meringue cake. It's heavenly!\nTruth be told: that's the only thing I buy here.\nMaybe one day I'll try something else... Maybe.
My dad and I popped in here to grab a bite to eat! Sadly we were very disappointed with not the service but the quality of food. My dads veal sandwich was over cooked the bread ding of the veal being burnt as well as the bun being very dry. My dad has had his share of authentic Italian veal sandwiches and he didn't even finish his because he couldn't eat it. \n\nThe server was very nice and checked on us regularly. Although when we brought to her attention the overlooked veal and even showed it to her on the plate she simply apologized and said she would bring it to the kitchens attention. We would have appreciated it if she had spoken to a manager perhaps and made some sort of small adjustment to our bill, but this was not done. That was also a little disappointing. None the less we paid our full bill and went on our way. \n\nI should mention this was lunch. This is not to say that perhaps their dinner kitchen staff is more competent. My review is simply for the lunch experience we had.
We got the unlimitepd card and the kids loved it! We spent all day in here.  Gives my AC a rest lol.  Its a nice family spot.  A lot of (pre)teenagers hang out too without supervision but they all seemed well behaved.
Called in a delivery order from this location and it was late. I called them to see what was going on and they said they would get to me soon. I told them if the pizza was cold when it arrived I'll send it back. The manager said "OK" and hung up the phone. I ordered Pizza Hut the next time I wanted pizza.
The service was good. The restaurant was clean and the atmosphere was appealing. However, I wasn't at all impressed by the food. Sadly, I've had better Italian dishes from pizza shops in the area.
A few weeks ago I wrote a review on Al's Beef and thought I would do the same taste test with Luke's. \n\nWe ordered the Italian Beef Combo and the double Red Hots just as we did at Al's.  The beef was tasty and the sausage was great, no surprises just as one would expect. What it wasn't -- cut too thin & a wet mush which is what we had at Al's.  Again, sorry! \n\nThe Red Hots filled the poppy seed bun and seemed twice as large. The Vienna Beef dogs snapped as you expect and had a really good taste  Yes, they were boiled too, but clearly someone was watching the stove so they wouldn't over cook. \n\nNow, in Al's favor their restaurant feels more Chicago-ish, say like a smaller version of Portillos. Luke's is definitely more southside with a lot of Chicago pictures, including 'Bad Rex" Grossman formerly of the "da Bears".\n\nThe final tally came to just under $14, which seemed more than fair given the quality of the food and the portions.  Enjoy!
The only problem with this Cafe is that it's too small. Because they have the best pancakes and once people start going there you will have to queue up!
Wow- I am not even sure how to write a review on this one.... literally all I can say is that I was very underwhelmed and disappointed!\n\nI was expecting so much more....
Favorite Vietnamese place in the PHX area. You can't go wrong with any of the menu items...their spring rolls are particularly tempting. Inexpensive and the service is always quick and friendly. This place has become a staple in the usual weekly take out spots I hit.
Family owned and operated restaurant with a very homelike feel. Food was amazing and service was even better! We will be back many more times!
Pretty good for fast food. I feel their chicken and beef is quality meat compared to other fast food chains. Italian Chicken deluxe is expensive though 10$ for just a sandwich.
I found this Dim Sum restaurant pretty ordinary and not very tasty. The dumplings were probably the best dishes, but the shrimp we got was tasteless, the pork was incredibly dry. Beef tips were also quite tasteless. Definitely not my favourite dim sum joint. This place is definitely nothing compared to Noble Seafood Restaurant which I feel has the best dim sum in the city.
Decided to re-rate this restaurant after not coming here for awhile. It's probably been about 6 or more months since my boyfriend and I ate here. But they have definitely improved on their services. This was the main issue we stopped coming. Before we waited about 30 minutes to even order our food and another hour to get our food. I am not sure what they changed to be able to get their fast service back. Overall, the food is delicious, but they could provide more of the garnishes. I just asked for more. Great place and I'm glad it has improved!
The food is fresh and so good. Our family loves coming here. We went to the owner's previous restaurant for years and gladly followed them over here. The food is better than ever and they have great desserts. \nWe love the family feel every time we walk in the door and the friendly staff. Highly recommend coming here when you can. Some of our favorites are the misto appetizer, chicken parm sandwich, gnocchi with pesto, and cannoli along side out cappuccino.
Went here a few weeks ago for the first time. We were a table of 3 and the place was clearly busy. We didn't wait too long for a table but we waited about 15 mins before anyone came to take our order. Menu has a lot on it and prices are fair. I got the tex mex messy burrito. It was decent but the service was horrendous. Our waitress barely ever checked on us to refill drinks. We finally got her to grab us to go boxes then we could no longer get her to our table to grab the bill. We kept trying to get her attention and she completely ignored us. We tried to get other servers attention and nothing. To the point where very loudly we were saying "excuse me" but nothing. I was so tempted to leave without paying. It took us 20+ mins to get the bill!!! Plus there was a line up out door.. you'd think they wanted to get those people in. Finally a cook saw us and grabbed our waitress. Will not be returning. What was supposed to be a quick brunch turned into a 1 hour and 45 minutes frustrating ordeal.
My Montreal buddies all about smoked meats and poutine,  Since in town many times a month had to try out....glad I did. Asked Waitress about Reuben or smoked meat, she said Reuben for sure that day.. still stuffed. tender and great taste.. had fries and coleslaw. My issue is I gained too much weight! I will go back on way to airport but might split sandwich next time.
Great donuts and an owner who cares about his business and his product!  Great prices and fabulous donuts.  Workers can be a little preoccupied with personal chitchat and are slow at finishing donuts at times since owner is typically taking orders.  Be prepared for a wait at peak times.  I typically get up early if I am feeling a craving since I hate to wait.
Easily the best Mexican food in Toronto. I have been several times over the last 6 months and recommend the following dishes: chips and guacamole, short rib tacos, chorizo burrito, or the enchiladas. All of these items are top notch. \n\nThe servers are also very knowledgeable on tequila and the bartenders make great custom drinks and sangria. \n\nYou do not want to miss this place. Worth the wait if you do not have a reservation.
This place is okay for my taste. I like my donuts nice and fluffy where when I bit into it it just melt into my mouth. I give it a two start is because the donuts taste a lot like sugar coated bagels. So that is the reason why I give it a two star.
Theses donuts are perfect. Not too heavy or cake-y but definitely filling. Super fresh and fast! Must try the bacon topping!
I can't believe I walked past this place for three years.  What is more sad is that many of those times were likely while I walked into Subway across the street on a Tuesday afternoon to drop $5 on a Veggie Delight.  Little did I know I could get a delicious, warm, and fresh vegetable hummus pita across the street for a little over a dollar.  At least I have many more Tuesdays ahead to take advantage!
El Dorado's is tucked away on South Water Street, but is worth pulling off the road for. Arguably some of the best hot wings in Kent, with a massive selection for those that like em insanely hot and those that do not, at a good price too. Nightly specials on menu items, as well as drinks. This place gets pretty busy and loud during basketball and football games, but it is not overwhelming. Definitely worth checking out.
This place is a rare find in the heart of Scottsdale. If you love delicious Indian, great service, lively ambiance, then you'll fall in love with TD just as I have! My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Marsala, Lamb Vindaloo, Paneer Makhani, and their garlic naan (the best naan I've ever tasted). If you enjoy super spicy, make sure you request the chef's spicy! You may be disappointed if you don't request extra spicy.\n\n Every Friday and Saturday the exotic spicy cuisine is paired with its spicy, exotic belly dancers. I highly recommend checking this hidden gem out.
Best donuts around.  The donuts are all cake donuts, you choose your glaze and topping on each.  As soon as you walk in, you are greeted with the aroma of fresh donuts.  Anyone who is local or passing though should try this place out.  Would recommend trying as many combos as possible.  There honestly isnt a bad donut combo.
Great service, great breakfast! Especially the special from mon-fri before 11:00, only $5.99.
Great drink menu, weak drinks. The bartenders were very sweet however I had two "Standing still at concerts" which tasted great but had very little alcohol. Not worth the $7.50 a pop. The same thing that my friend had with the jungle juice. It was just kool-aid. Stick to beer here!
Went on a Monday - an app, two burgers, o-rings and 4 drinks - $72  - We had the Cali burger and turkey burger both good.  The house made o-rings were over battered and too greasy for my taste.  With two of the drinks being on "Happy Hour" (note: only seated at the bar or outside) seems pretty expensive for a burger joint.\n\nHad 3 servers standing around but only the bartender did anything - had to flag her down a time or two.  Still seems like they are sorting out things, hopefully pricing is one of them.
To start with, the store is pretty small with only a few tables. You can customize your donut with different glazes and toppings, and they also have different drinks and coffee with quite a few Torani syrups. The ordering process was simple and quick, and my donut came out very quickly. The donut was also HOT, definitely not day old or even hour-old donuts here. \nI chose the French toast daily special with maple icing, cinnamon sugar, and powdered sugar. The maple icing was good but mostly just sweet and not a ton of maple flavor. The donut itself wasn't a super dense cake donut (which I really love) but also wasn't a super airy Krispy Kreme style, so a good balance that most people would enjoy. Overall the donut was tasty but pretty small. For the quickness with specialized options and not too steep of a price, it wasn't bad though!
Krispy Kreme's were my all time favs until I had Duck Donuts! Now, I'm not sure which I like more because both are just in a league of their own. \n\nDuck Donuts are rich, cakey, delicious-ness. I cannot think about them without my mouth watering. The plain donuts are great by themselves. Then when you add toppings and drizzles, whew! You can have yourself an intense treat. \n\nAlso, their special flavors usually taste exact in what they name them i.e. Almond Joy.
The server is so nice here! The food is amazing. It's not the same as what I am use to from Texas, but it's really good. I had the Pho Ga which is number 31, pho with chicken. My boyfriend had the number 29. That had chicken, beef, and shrimp!
I have been a Springs Preserve member since 2011. Dining at the Café has been part of our experience for a beverage, meal, brunch event, shaded place to sit and a great view. \n\nThe Divine Café offers vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free (GF) (including a 9" pizza for an additional fee) foods. Odwalla non-GMO shakes are available. \n\nI appreciate my 10% discount as a member. We always enjoy the music. \n\nWish List:\nPlease offer ORGANIC options like milk, juice and food menu items (e.g. pasta, rice, produce, bread and tortilla, soup, and chicken tenders).
I started with a tomato bisque soup which was pleasantly light and slightly tart. For the main corse I had the bison burger cooked medium. The burger was cooked very well but not seasoned well. I did not have it with the jalapeño cilantro dressing so that might have been why. I finished with the chocolate bourbon cake which was super delicious! I'll definitely be back for another piece.
I am often worried about checking out a dim sum place as environment is fast paced and I'm not very familiar with how to order. I visited during dinner time, there were no one pushing carts but instead, we ordered on paper. The staffs were super friendly and helpful. Food was delicious! They price you based on whether food was small, medium, large or extra large. I believe price was $3 for small, $4 for medium, and $5 for large (but don't take this 100% since I only got a glimpse at my hill so not quite sure). Anyways, dim sum was delicious and will be back again!
I came here about a month back for a bite to eat with friends. I really thought it was interesting that this place had open concept kitchen, so you could actually SEE your food being made in front of you, or within close proximity. \n\nService was a little slow. Food itself was cooked fast, but the waitresses seemed overwhelmed. There were 2 that were working, managing maybe 3 tables each...so it took a really long time to get our food and our bill. They never really had a chance to check on us either, which was a little surprising, considering each table consisted of smaller groups (2, possibly 3 dining individuals).\n\nIn terms of food quality - extremely well cooked, very tasty and totally worth it. Portion sizes are much bigger than I had anticipated. There are very few GOOD breakfast places, so this place definitely makes the list. The price is reasonable, maybe a tiny bit on the high side, but nothing too extreme.\n\nIt's too bad that this place isn't open later than 4pm. Come for the food, but don't expect too much from the wait service.
Waited an hour for the food to come. When it arrived it looked like it was sitting in the drivers trunk for two days. Medium pizza and couldn't stomach a single slice. My girlfriend and I are now out $30 and still hungry. Check your pizza before you pay.. really.
I just came here through drive thru today Feb.1st @ around 3:20pm. I paid with my Discover credit card and since with credit card purchases you usually ALWAYS have to show your ID. So I handed the lady at the window my credit card and my ID, she immediately handed back my ID without even looking at it and says "I don't need o see your ID" I must point out that there even is a sign on the wall as you go through the drive thru that says "please have ID ready for credit / Debit purchases" \n\nI'm upset because if I wasn't who I said I was I could have just gotten away with using someone's credit card.\n\nIf my card ever gets lost/stolen and someone tries to use my card I would hope that companies follow policies advertised on their walls. \n\nBe aware going to this McDonalds, this is the first time this has ever happened and I'm annoyed\n\nYou're supposed to check ID and you advertise to check ID. SO CHECK ID.
I have to say that I am pleased that I did not read the reviews here prior to booking the hotel. We love this Sheraton. Every staff member has been highly efficient and exceedingly friendly. The club level is one of the best that I have ever stayed in. They welcomed my little, blind dog with open arms. We loved it so much, we booked it for another night!
Location @ Hualapai :  Over booked or incompetent ur choice. Had reservations arrived at least 10 mins early total cluster i.e FUBAR. Left in anger poor girl at front (Hostess would not call her that) was totally over her head. Would never return and I live 1.5 miles down the road. Mgmt must have been Greedy. Worse that I can relate..     Reservations ahead of time meant nothing,  being they took everyone in order anyway.  NEVER TO RETURN
Truly a 5* experience. Everything from the quality and taste of the food, to the drinks, to the server's hospitality was just wow. The variety and flavour of sauces was also incredible too. This place is a must go to if you're in Toronto and want some filling Mexican food.
Pretty good eats! The steak was quite flavorful and the serving staff are friendly. I've been accustomed to the burritos from burrito boys or fat bastard so having a burrito that doesn't leave you fully stuffed was surprising to me. But the flavors are simpler and quite nice from this place. 3.5/5 stars!
They took away my pizza burger,  raised the price of the salmon burger and added a milkshake bar.   Hmmmm.
My friends had been raving about the breakfasts at The Bluebird for months - so finally I was in the city early enough to go and check it out.\n\nEverything about the place was just lovely. From the cosy space of the cafe itself to the friendly staff - it really lived up to its great reputation.\n\nI went straight for the stack of buttermilk pancakes, bacon and maple syrup and was not disappointed. The pancakes were fluffy and sweet, the bacon crispy and smokey. I promptly smothered it all in the maple syrup and happily inhaled the lot.\n\nThe only thing that was wrong was that I was too full to eat the sourdough toast I had also ordered. \n\nNext time for sure.
We love this place. The atmosphere was really nice. The service was excellent. The miso soup and house salad (or side salad) are delicious. Every sushi roll is delicious. Our favorite is Red Koi sushi roll. This place is great! Love it.
Went here for lunch on a Saturday and we thought it was great. We don't eat chicken, beef or pork, but had NO problem getting veggies or shrimp only. The food carts were by right away and frequent. \nLoved the large variety of shrimp options, the noodles and the tea. Service was quick, friendly with no problem understanding what each dish was in English.\nWe had 5 shrimp dishes, noodles, red bean buns and tea for less than $35.
Unplanned visit and so glad we did! Service is great. A casual place yet food quality is excellent. I'd highly recommend this to friends that work or live in this area. I'm coming back for sure.
First time going to Tandoori Times! I had a great time catching up with friends but the service was pretty slow, not a lot of staff and the food was spicy. I asked my waiter how spicy the dish I was going to get was and he said mild but when I tried it, it did not taste like mild. Luckily he gave me another dish that wasn't too spicy and didn't charge me for two dishes. However, my friends and I were tricked into buying naan bread! The waiter asked if we wanted some and he didn't mention that we had to pay for it, we assumed it was a free dish that you get before your meal! Overall it was not bad, they had belly dancing when we were there and it was very cool!
This place is pretty cool but there are quite a bit of shortcomings. Expect a cross between Chuck e Cheese & Dave and Buster's. A group of my friends came here after buying the Groupon deal for all day arcade play. \n\nThe bar was such a nightmare. I was trying to buy a couple rounds of drinks for my group of friends (6 people) before heading over to the games, but we ended up only doing 1 round (took at least 20 to 30 minutes from ordering drinks to actually getting the bill paid for). There were so many people trying to flag down the bartenders for food/drinks but there was not enough of them to provider service. I could have easily spent $100 more had there been a bartender, but we just got frustrated and left. \n\nThey had a good variety of games (ticket and non ticket), but the majority of them were broken. More often than not, one of the two controller would not work.  This place could be so much better if the management would maintain the games better and hire more bartenders.
this was my very first time at fraticellis and I have to admit that it was beyond disappointing. My first step into the restaurant...I was impressed with the ambience and the general setting of the restaurant, lighting was nice and well furnished. However they had an extremely poor choice of music playing for a wanabe 'upscale' italian restaurant, the rock music playing was definitely not suitable for the type of food and mood they were going for...it was awkward to say the least. \nThen moving onto our server who had completely forgotten about our appetizers and brought our main entrees out without offering fresh black pepper or cheese while I sat and waited for her to service other customers before I could even start on my meal. Our appetizers finally arrived nearing the end of our meal. \nThe food itself was also unimpressive to say the least, my boyfriends pappardelle was completely undercooked, inedible, and rock hard...while my pasta dish was sour. The manager came by and asked us for our opinion and we informed him of our disatisfaction with our dishes, he brought my boyfriends back into the kitchen only to have them bring it back 2 mins later with the plate hot because they had used the microwave to cook the underdone pasta. For a 'wanabe upscale' italian restaurant I wouldve expected for them to do better than pop a dish in the microwave and call the problem fixed. \nNonetheless we continued our meal and as the waitress was cleaning our dishes she carelessly dropped a fork onto my jacket and didn't even realize, I wasn't completely thrilled with getting pasta sauce on my $600 jacket, however she did slightly redeem herself for being smart and bringing soda water to help wipe it down. She then brought our dessert menus and we ordered...she informed us that it wud be complementary because of the mishap with our pasta dishes, though it was the least they couldve done, I do think that the pasta dish itself shouldve been complementary and not some cheap dessert. We finally got the bill and made our decision to never return to fraticellis again. \nSo...to sum everything up...\nPros: \n- well furnished\n- looks appealing\n- well priced (if the food had been better)\n- manager was trying to be helpful\n\nCons:\n- horrible choice in music\n- food was terrible\n- service was beyond terrible\n- service was slow and inefficient \n\nBottom line: will not return and DO NOT recommend
Stumbled upon this unpretentious place while driving through nowhere. Probably an old burger joint converted to a Viet restaurant resulting in an odd decor but a familiar restaurant experience.\n\nWe ordered three dishes between the two of us, probably too much food. My grilled chicken on vermicelli dish was very tasty. The barbequed meat was dark, nicely flavored, and the dish wasn't excessively filled with noodles either. My friend ordered beef wrapped in betel leaves and he enjoyed it as well. We got an order of pancake and it was this fabulous looking thing (see my pics) stuffed with bean sprouts and bit of shrimp and pork. The dish had generous amounts of basil and mint which I really love about Vietnamese food.\n\nNo frills service and minimalist ambience but tasty food nonetheless!
Toronto's Mexican-food renaissance is in full swing!  You heard it here first.\n\nSomehow managed to snag a table without reservation on a Friday night (tip:  make a reservation, this was a fluke) and found the reservation bustling with a fun, energetic crowd.  This restaurant is small - so the vibe of the place is good when a nice crowd is there having fun.\n\nI proceeded to eat what is probably the best Mexican food I have had outside of Mexico or SoCal.  Ceviche, salsa, chips, baja tacos, flautas - all were perfectly prepared and exploding with taste.  Service was quick and friendly, the meal was comfortable and enjoyable.\n\nThere have been a few recent additions to Toronto's Mexican food scene along with some established reliables - Playa Cabana is a welcomed addition to the family.  The quality of Mexican food has really gone up over the last few years - the renaissance is in full swing, lets hope it continues.\n\nI can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.  This is my new favourite restaurant.
$13 for a 1/3 lb cheese burger. $6 fries? This place was waaay overpriced for 7th st and thunderbird area. $5.50 for a bottled beer? This place was absolutely terrible. I knew it was trouble when I saw a raw bar five feet from the bathrooms.
I am obliged to give this place a perfect rating, although we didn't get to have the main entrees at this place. Things actually went quite wrong for us, but it wasn't really the restaurants fault, and they made up for it with the outstanding treatment we got.\n\nHere is the story:\n\nWe were new to town, and my family craved Mexican. Naturally, we searched for the highest rated Mexican in town on Yelp, and this place came up. The entire village, including a 11 month old baby, got in the car, and drove here. At first look, it didn't look right. This place is tiny (imagine a 1200 squarefoot converted townhouse), and it was super packed... at 5pm on a Wednesday night! \n\nThe set-up is definitely more of a hipster bar than what you may envision as a Mexican restaurant. Definitely not a large family dining choice, especially because it is extremely loud with all the huddle people, and the entire ambiance is quite low-light. I wouldn't call it "a little Cuban hideaway" as another reviewer has here... it is clearly more catered towards, let's just say fashion-forward and avant-garde type of pretty young people.\n\nSince all the reviews were all absolutely raving on Yelp, we decided to stay. By divine intervention, we actually got a table because another large group had cancelled their reservation. All is okay, we ordered a single drink and an appy. The hiccup was our main order. 30 minutes after having ordered, our main order was still "15 minutes" away according to the waiter, the culprit being that we wanted our hamburger "well done". Fair enough, I can see most of the other people there were not watching the clock, and obviously sitting down for the long haul, sipping on their excellent mojitos. For us, the problem was that we had a baby in tow, and he was already at his limit. We simply couldn't wait any longer.\n\nSo we all got up to leave, none of us exactly happy because we are all now starving, and we didn't get to taste the food that looked fantastic. On our way out, we wanted to pay for our drink and appy.\n\nThe redemption was the manager. He apologized profusely, and offered us a discount if we waited a bit longer to get everything to go. Unfortunately the baby couldn't tolerate even five minutes more. Realizing this, the manager apologized again, then refused to accept payment for the stuff we had already eaten, despite our insistence. He just asked us to come back again.\n\nYes, I think I will. This was the best customer service experience in recent memory.
Loooooove the all you can eat shrimp. Afterwards the waitress said the cook wanted to commend me for eating as much shrimp as i did. Thank you.
Pho noodles is a good compromise if you're looking for decent Vietnamese food, but you want a newer, cleaner environment in which to get it. The restaurant is a bit more modern than other nearby Vietnamese restautants. They offer a good variety of Vietnamese foods, way more than just pho. Having just visited Vietnam, I wanted to try something I had eaten there and ordered the bun bo hue. It was tasty and spicy. The meat in it was not as good as it was in Vietnam, but the broth was on point. My dining companion had the pho, and it was tasty as well. Next time I visit I want to try the bun xeo, which is something they don't serve everywhere. The prices here  are higher than the older places by a few dollars per dish. I think if I were getting take out, I'd for sure get my fave Vietnamese (da vang), but if I were eating in the restaurant, I would come here.
I would give this place a 0-star review if I could! I swung by with my son (autistic ADHD/severe-anxiety), and my cousin while on our way home from job-hunting.\n\n1. First off the cashier serving us--I had to repeat parts of the order a few times, he repeated some way wrong, then he repeated the whole thing and I heard burger in part of the order (wow this place was noisy, too), so I thought he finally got it right and I was tired of how long it took to order a burger for my son who's very particular about what he gets (was ordering as a reward for being good), and get myself and my cousin a couple spicy chickens.\n\n2. The guy didn't give us our soda cups, IT TOOK COMPLAINING TO ANOTHER PERSON TO GET SOMEONE TO GIVE US THE CUPS FOR THE SODAS WE BOUGHT!! (Thank you, miss!) And we weren't the only customers he wasn't giving cups to, might I add!\n\n3. We walked to the table to get out of the way and I looked everything over to make sure it was right...Spicy Mc Chicken instead of a burger. So I thought, they're busy, I'd ask if my son wanted to try a chicken sammich, he was fine if I scraped everything off. Someone who was working here said its not necessary and she'd get what he ordered. (Another nice lady!)\n\n4. The cashier came to our table and started ARGUING WITH US, walked away and asked (a manager? I couldn't see), then came back and said "We'll have to charge you to get what you wanted", when all they had to do was replace the $1 Mc Chicken with a $1 burger with only ketchup on it. Other McD's have made the simple swap without hassle when they've messed up, although mess-ups have still been rare and except for this McD, those cashiers didn't try to pin the blame on the customer!\n\nEnd of it: I simply told him that he can forget about that, that we weren't going to pay extra to buy another item because HE messed up, and none of us are ever eating here again. Some other McD's can get our money.\n\nPutting smiles on kids' faces, huh? Yeah right.\n\n\nEDIT: Oh, and we didn't get our receipt back, so I can't exactly take it straight to the store manager. But we did get names.
Food was excellent, service was sub par. I would give 5 stars if the service was as good as the food. \n\nOur waiter was friendly, took our orders, brought the appetizers and then never came back. Never to ask about food, never to ask for more drinks, nothing. He disappeared to go talk on the phone! \n\nWe had to flag another waiter down for even water. \nThen again flagged another waiter for my bill. \nThe other waiters seemed very attentive, asking their tables about drinks, food and desserts. Not us, our waiter was inside on the phone. \n\nEventually I asked another waiter to bring my bill and he sent our server out. I asked him what happened to him and he said "We are inside polishing the forks!". \n\nWell excuse me, didn't know the forks being polished were more important than your customers!
This place has the best pho I ever had since I come to Toronto. It was recommended by a friend, who is a food guru. \n\nWhat I like:\n\n-The broth: I find that most of pho broth are bit too salty. after I had my pho I need to drink lots of water. However, this place's broth has the right amount of taste. Plus, broth is the key to a good pho, or vermicelli soup. \n\n-The garnish: (or whatever you'd call them) this is the only place that I have been so far that offers mint and cabbage for the pho! I love putting mint into the soup, it gives an extra flavor to the soup. \n\n-The cleanness: the place is not that big, but it looks clean. The place went through a renovation and it looks so much brighter and cleaner. I specially like the way how the waitress put the chopsticks and the spoons into a bottle of hot water. \n\nI personally like the following dishes:\n- Spring rolls (very very crispy_\n-fried butter chicken wings (Juicy, and butterly tasty)\n-vietnam style pancake \n\nWhat's else:\n\n-You can't really comment on the service, you know why, \n- I don't like the fact that there are tables right besides the washroom (this is just personal preference).\n-It has 4 sizes for pho.\n-The noodle. I know from a Vietnamese friend, that the noodle for the pho should be wide, not thin. The only place that I know that offers noodle similar to those that serve in Vietnam  is pho xe lua (in chinatown).
The best gyros I've had anywhere, which is saying something since I was born and raised in Europe, and live in Los Angeles. \n\nThe meat isn't dried up and charred like I've hat at so many other places - it's fresh, juicy, and flavorful. No bland, thin pita or cucumber sauce here. The only downside is that there aren't any Zorba's in LA, because now I'm addicted.
Came here for dinner for a friend's birthday and was extremely disappointed and would NOT recommend anyone come to this wannabe upscale restaurant.\n\nSo to start with we had 13 people and were forced to have the party menu which hardly had any selection and most likely contained items that were most easy to cook.  Apparently their policy was that any tables over 12 people MUST have a party menu even though we insisted that we wanted to use the regular menu.  Well guess what, half way through our meal there was another large table with 13 (I made sure I counted) who I guess had greater preference than us who all received the regular menu!\n\nNext complaint was their forcefullness to upsell.  There was 1 section of the table that ordered a bottle of wine, and in my section we ordered individual drinks so I didn't want a wine bottle.  The waitress kept asking "Are you sure you don't want a bottle of wine?" I'm thinking in my head "Hello we all have drinks here already". Ask once and it's enough!  To put it even worst some of my friends were drinking tap water and everytime we would ask her to refill our water she would ask "Do you want Sparkling Water?".  The waitress asked my friend 4 times!! Come on 2 times might be okay but 4 times?!?\n\nThe best part of the meal was probably the antipasto appetizer which contained cold cuts, cheeses, breads, etc.  The calamari was awful and had a bad fishy taste in it.  I ordered the Chicken Garganelli and it tasted like it was burnt.  My friend who got suckered into getting the Brocollini said it was horrible and extremely salty.  He was only able to eat a few branches.  Worst of all, the waitress NEVER ONCE came back to ask how the appetizers or main course was and didn't even offer to put pepper/cheese on our food.\n\nOkay so I thought okay nothing else bad can happen.  I'll just never come here to eat again.  But wait, there's more when our group paid the bill.  So our group was autocharged an 18% tip which is normal for groups over 6.  I was like yeah they totally don't deserve the 18% tip but whatever.  When I was adding the bill up, the HST wasn't adding up correctly.  I then figured out that they tried to charge HST on the gratuity amount.  Now WHAT RESTAURANT CHARGES HST ON GRATUITIES?? So I talked to the waitress saying that charging HST on Gratuity is absurd.  So finally she was like "you know what.. FINE i'll just take it out of my own cash" and slammed the counter when we were paying and gave total attitude.  Okay if the restaurant was great, I'd let it go and I wouldn't complain about the extra HST they charged but after such a poor experience I DO NOT want to give them anymore that shoudn't have been given to them.
Play with menu. I got a royale with jerk sauce. Seasoned Cajun fries. No disappointment here. Black raspberry shake was intense. I was in a hurry. Food came quickly. Check not so much. Not a long wait tho.
Really.  My daughter wanted beef with broccoli, not chicken, said to them, charge me for the beef it's fine.  They said no, really.  Won't be back.
A great place to visit if coming to Toronto for the first time. This place is so good they made two right down the street from each other. There both pretty small so trying to walk in wont work and calling right before you won't work either. But the people are friendly and always ask what the recommend because there are some pretty crazy good dishes! It's reasonably priced too.
I am from Japan, and know Japense food.  Red Koi is a typical non-Japanese owned pseudo Japanese restaurant.   I went there once for dinner, and it'll be my first & last time to go there.   Food tasted just like food court pseudo Japanese food with much higher price tag.
Yay, I'm so excited they opened a Barrio so close to me in Cleveland Heights! This new location is a spacious and convenient option for a meal, happy hour, or a midnight snack. Keep in mind that as this location has just opened, it is pretty busy and you should expect a bit of a wait. I came pretty late on a weekday (around 11 pm-12 am) and didn't have to wait to get seated but there were still quite a lot of people here for what you'd expect so late on a weekday!\n\nThe food and service are both just as great at the location I've been to in Tremont. If you haven't been to Barrio before, just imagine a create-your-own taco concept where you pick the shell/meat/other fillings/sauces. If you have trouble deciding what might go well together, they have pre-set taco options, as well. You really can't go wrong with $3 tacos, and the complimentary chips and salsa are always a nice touch! \n\nOverall, I'm very excited about this new location, and I'm sure I'll be back! :)
TIP:  Plaza entrance off Bodmin is slightly closer and you don't hafta drive around as many vehicles near the grocery store!\n\n***Rating based on cannoli/Americano and customer service only.***\n\nThis Clarkson institution is in an interesting area.  It's a mix of really low and high-ish income housing.  Neighbouring towns/apartment buildings look rundown, but houses are being renovated, so the plaza is indicative of this neighbourhood undergoing a rejuvenation.  \n\nThe bakery itself has recently undergone some renos which includes exterior facelift as well as addition of indoor seating to enjoy your food from the hot table &/or espresso with pastry.\n\nTONS of parking abound.  You will not find this amount of surface parking in newer strip malls.\n\nMale server was RIGHT THERE as I looked at the showcases of goodies.  He was proactive in asking whether or not I needed help.  He did his job and got me to buy something.  I did not have to search or ask anyone for help. \n\nPrices, in terms of what I purchased were in-line with other Italian bakeries that I go to.  Cannoli - 1 sz - was $1.99 and Americano was like $2.25 or something like that.  I did not really pay attention of prices for the other items.\n\nCannoli actually had a CRUNCHY shell which is a good sign.  I've had soggy ones, not cool.  Stuffing was also light and not too sweet.  Americano was ok, similar to that of San Remo.\n\nIf you're in the area, this is a SOLID choice...although I don't think there's any other alternatives!
Despite the categorization, I don't really consider Yuzu to be an izakaya. An izakaya isn't merely a bar serving Japanese food, as there are many bars in Japan that serve food and aren't considered izakayas. An izakaya is more akin to a Japanese TAPAS bar, which has a wide variety of appetizers and small bites to choose from. Yuzu has a small sampling of appetizers, but the menu items are mostly standard and so I'd consider it more just an Asian fusion bar.\n\nThe atmosphere was nice, and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The food was ok - my friend got the Korean beef rice bowl, which the menu admits to using "cheater" bulgogi. The beef was ground up, whereas bulgogi is more in thin slices. The flavor was not too bad, though it was the type of dish I could get at almost any restaurant. \n\nI personally got the ahi tuna poke, because poke has been on the rise in the States and I have been trying to sample poke everywhere. While the colors and presentation were solid, the flavor was not to par. The tuna was very tough to chew and did not taste particularly fresh. When I have poke, I typically anticipate that the tuna has been marinated in various sauces for a fairly long time, but this dish tasted like the sauce was recently added on. I also felt like there was not enough sauce in general. Additionally, the mangoes and avocado seemed to stand in contrast to the fish rather than complement it.\n\nI do enjoy the atmosphere at Yuzu, and the staff were extraordinarily friendly. However, I think the food could use some work in terms of flavor.
Handled the abundance of customers very well. Quick service. Good choice of breakfast foods. Staff seem happy. Price was decent as well
This was a hidden gem right by my office! I had no idea it was there. Honestly, the pho is great. But what is even better was how nice everyone was. The door was held open for me. A nice man greeted me when I walked inside and the cashier was very nice as well. I will go here much more often now that It's just around the corner!
VIBE \nThis feels more like a Cuban little hideaway off a side road than it does on Dupont and Davenport. Clandestine is putting it mildly. You can almost doubt yourself that you're going the wrong way here. Note: walking from Dupont will be a shorter walk than walking from St. George station. Both can be done. \n\nThat said, you could immediately feel the warmth and coziness of Playa (from herein called PC). I know this place is busy, so I called to make a reservation and even then we had to wait for their brand new back patio. It was definitely worth it!  Note: this was at 9 p.m. on a Monday night on a holiday weekend so if you're coming here on a weekend come very early. \n\nThe bartenders were nice (and not bad to look at) but they know how to make a mean margarita. Also, they have MOJITO PITCHERS. That said, it wasn't as strong as I expected. \n\nBack to the back patio: it's very cute! They've got outside heat lamps and trees that make it very intimate and the ideal second date place (good Mexican food deserves to be reserved for date deux or trois). They can also accommodate groups as well and have high tops. It works! \n\nService was good. \n\nWE ATE \nOh, we ate! The guac has lots of flavour with lime and a bit of a spicy kick. It definitely filled us up while we were waiting for our tacos. \n\nFirst choice were the fish tacos and they sold out. So we moved onto the chicken tacos and the steak tostadas. I did feel there was a bit of a charred taste to both the tacos and tostadas but otherwise, the taste was ALL there. \nEverything had plenty of accoutrements (including more guac, bestill our heart). \n\nMy favourite dish was the steak tostadas. It comes with this orange rice; I'm not sure what exactly is in the rice but all I know is that I wanted more and more. \n\nOBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK \nA busy restaurant that lets you talk until it's closing down is a good restaurant in my books. It's nice to have a quality Mexican restaurant that's intimate and doesn't feel like it's in Toronto. Don't stop. Get it. Get it.
SUPER NASTY!!!!!! So, they take a live Lobster and show me it.... than they take it to the back and completly boil the lobster so hot that it turns to slime meat!\n\nWhy the heck would you take something live and carelessly kill it and cook it with no skill? The cooks obviously don't care and can't cook... I'm sure they are just your typical Mexicans cooking your food. Just lame service that sucks.... plus, my crab shells were all cut open so they can cook it faster.... causing it to dry out! \n\nAnyways, they got their $120.00 and I got completely ripped off.... so, they are happy and don't care if I won't come back.... but hopefully, these bad reviews will help others notice that this place is a typical waste of space in a part of town that is garbage. The food is as good as the people who live around the same area, why would you expect? Need I say more..... probably not, they know what I'm saying and you do too. This place is a rip off and not good food at all... I can't believe I went here.... going to the ghetto to eat nasty food is not a good idea, you'll get what you paid for, poopy food made by ghetto people. Go somewhere else and stay away. \n\nPlus, I had some lame hipster Mexican waitress that had gauges in her ears and was a wannabe Betty Paige and every time I asked how something was, she said "ITS SO BOMB, MY HUSBAND LOVES IT"!!!! SHE WAS FAKER THAN A $3 BILL.... CANT WAIT TO SEE OTHER REVIEWS, THIS PLACE IS THE WORST.
Fresh sandwiches, soups, and salads with a focus on organic, local, and seasonal foods.  They have a variety of dishes that will satisfy vegetarians and carnivores alike.  I started out with a mango iced tea ($2.25) which was cool and refreshing, and split the roasted beet salad and the portabella melt (Both $12).  Both were excellent.  The roasted beet salad was huge and had a nice balance of sweet and acidic from the caramelized roasted beets to the sherry vinegar dressing.  It had a good amount of toasted pistachios in it too to provide some added crunch, also included creamy goat cheese crumbles, and came with a toasty buttered slice of crusty bread.  The portabella sandwich came on some nicely toasted bread, and was a nice blend of textures and tastes from the cheese, mushroom, and roasted red bell pepper.  The sweet potato salad was very good as a side.  \n\nService was good, and the ambiance is nice.  The patio looks very scenic, and I'd definitely like to eat here again to take advantage of the nice outdoor setting.
Not sure why the review is so low for this place.\nI went here with a couple friends on Sunday night. The atmosphere and service were good. The food was quick and pretty good. Very likely to come again.
Not a big fan. Sometimes they got deals on Hook. The people who work there seem to be confused with orders and not exactly friendly either.
Ordered three tacos each, shared beans, rice, and guacamole.  Tacos were above average, decent, guacamole was fresh and tasty, beans were quite good, and rice was pleasant with the beans.
Only good thing about this place is the broth, and that wasn't even that good.... the meatballs were full of cartilage, the chicken was tough and dry! And they only give you two egg rolls in one ord
This place is dirty and kind of gross. 1 out of every 3 machines/games I tried to play were broken, and I don't think you get good value in the swipe card. \n\nThe temperature in here was too high, and there was a sweaty feel to the air. Everything was sticky! I was hard pressed to find a safe spot to set down my purse, haha jk, I mean my jacket. \n\nMy girl and I made the best of our adventure here, but overall left disappointed, because this place has potential, and if they don't step up, clean up and get their machines working, I don't think this place will last.
Hubby and I enjoyed some prickly pear lemonade and a basket of their fries last week during our visit to the museum. We will definitely be back to try more--the food everyone was ordering around us looked awesome!
Hate to give them only 3 since I am a long-time fan, but have to dock for not very friendly staff (though one off-duty sandwich artist was friendly and helpful), and less than fresh bread.  I tried the new Italian sub; nothing exciting.  I will probably go back to my usual BMT next time; it has more flavor.
I agree with other yelper reviews...if you're in this neighborhood and craving something sweet this place will definitely do the trick! \n\nI stopped in before the afternoon rush, and trust me it's easy to get overwhelmed. This place has a lot going on! There are tons of flavor combinations, staff buzzing around behind the counter and those eagerly awaiting their creations. \n\nThis place gives you tons of freedom. Think of yourself as a personal chef. It's up to you to get creative. They will top your cake donut with whatever glaze and topping your prefer. There's a good bit of options but don't worry....they have plenty of suggestions that let you expire all kinds of flavor combinations.\n\nFor me, the donuts were okay. I tried a chocolate and a vanilla - with sprinkles. They aren't bad by any means. I just expected more. To be fair, I took mine to go so I had to warm them up to get the full effect on a warm donut. \n\nBut they cured my sweet tooth so for that I was happy. The service was meh. The girls seemed more interested in talking to each other than taking my order. But I'll chalk it up as a busy day.\n\nIf I'm in the area, I'll give them another try to check out another flavor combination. And see if they can completely win me over.
Was in the area yesterday and drove by Red Bowl. My company had eaten there before and suggested we stop for lunch.\n\nModern Asian feel inside, very nice and spacious with a good size bar. I also noticed what looked like a buffet at first, but is really a stir fry bar! (pretty cool)\n\nHad Mongolian beef lunch special, for less than $7 its a steal. Comes with choice of spring or egg roll. And your choice of rice.\n\nRolls came out quick and piping hot. Also with dish that held 2 different dipping sauces. (sweet & sour, & some shrimp sauce I think?)\n\nAll the food was very good, service was good, left me wanting to come back!!
Solid high 3.  \n\nI would have given it a 4 had the Sushi chef been remotely friendly or even smiled.  Hell no!  It would have broken his face to smile.\n\nSushi \n\nI have been there twice for lunch.  The lunch has a great variety of the standard sushi rolls and nigiri.  It was all tasty and fresh.   No complaints!\n\nChinese Buffett\n\nStandard stuff on bar.  All very fresh and tasty\n\nHibachi Grill\n\nGreat selection of chicken, fish, shrimp, steak.  Looked great!\n\nThe place was full both times, which ensures the food is rotated and you will always get fresh food.  Overall, two great experiences!
Has this Pizza Hut improved?  The McKnight Rd store has closed and this is my closest fix.  I do not see any current reviews, and all the reviews are bad.  \n\nI do not want to waste my time with bad experiences.  Should I avoid this location?
I met a friend of mine here for lunch the other day.  She has raved about this Indian food place that she said I had to try.  I used to live in the Bay Area of California, and I had some of the best Indian food while I was there, so I was a little skeptical that I would find something good here in Arizona.  My friend was right, the food here is awesome.\n\nI liked the variety of naan that they had here, from plain to garlic to whole wheat.  We got the whole wheat, which soaked up the yummy goodness of the sauce that came with my lamb masala.  This dish was just spicy enough, very flavorful, and the lamb was super tender.  My friend is a veggie and got the dal makhani, which my carnivorous self actually found quite tasty.  And to top it all off, they had some chai tea that was out of this world.  It's a far cry from the sweetened chai stuff that you get at Starbucks, very flavorful.\n\nThe service here was very great and attentive.  I'm not sure how this place would be around the dinner hour, but for lunch we were seated quickly and served quickly as well despite quite a few people being there.  I can't wait to come back!
I'm not a "gamer", but I do enjoy a fun atmosphere, drinking yummy cocktails, and trying new things which is exactly what GameWorks in Town Square offered. Being new to Vegas, I wasn't familiar with GameWorks prior to my visit there or what to expect from it; I was pleasantly surprised with all they had to offer. \n\nThe facility itself is HUGE! There are tons and tons of games to play, my favorite was the frog log jump and the Terminator one!! They also have ski ball and a basket ball shooting game. For those of you faithful gamers they even have an entire room set up for online/computer games where you can play til your hearts content while sipping cocktails. My favorite part is their full bowling lanes!! \n\nWhen you're ready to wet your whistle they also have a large full bar with a full menu. My visit happened to be their second day of being open, so their food was still needing some tweaking, however everything I ate did have great flavor. I am definitely looking forward to giving their menu another try.
Exelente:) comida y servicio :) muy bonito el lugar y la comida nise diga buena musica exelente atencion cuenta con mesa de billar karaoke y de todas las cervesar
Best. Vietnamese. Food. That I've ever tried, anyway. \n\nSpecial pho. \nPho Bo Kho.\nFried spring rolls. \nAvocado smoothie.
nick was pretty much the best part exports Robby got my game set up so fast I played drunk Mario kart and had the time of my life thank god this place exist
Either the fish are smaller or they aren't making their food cost. Sashimi slices 1/2 the size of any other place I've eaten . Same for the rainbow roll...no longer a good value....this isn't Tokyo or San Francisco where the fish is so fresh it's worth it. Save your money.
Excellent food. Congenial owners. Pasta fagioli to die for. Definitely will come back soon.
Timing and direction issues - but always a table on Friday and Saturday nights!\n\nUsually I crave restaurants that are consistent. But Brick House is consistently terrible at timing the arrival of appetizers and entrees. This happens all the time! You get your appetizers, then the food shows up before you can take a bite. I hate that. I wanted to give two stars, but some of the food is actually tasty, so they get three.\n\nWe don't even order our food and appetizers at the same time because of this issue. I guess you have to wait until the appetizers arrive to order entrees if you want to enjoy them.\n\nThere's some tasty treats here that I recommend - zucchini curls, the breading is really tasty and I like the parmesan cheese on top. However, they ran out of siracha ranch and instead of making more, brought out regular ranch. Huh? Go make more. Which is what they did, when I asked them to please bring the correct dipping sauce.\n\nMy husband ordered the meatloaf, which sounded interesting. It was very tasty. I would order that on a future visit. \n\nI like the French Onion soup - my mom doesn't like that they use smoked provolone, but I thought it was still good and would order again soon.\n\nThe calamari is a super treat - with large whole pieces, not the little crappy rings you find elsewhere.\n\nI ordered the roast chicken - which really was grilled, but a whole half! That's a lot of chicken. I really would have preferred a veggie with this instead of just mashed potatoes. And the potatoes were listed as including cheddar but I had none of that. My husband's potatoes too - maybe they ran out!\n\nMy parents order the same items every time (pretzel stick appetizer), mahi mahi, and either fish n chips or shrimp (sometimes fries, sometimes tots - I love that they have tots, I am such a fan!).\n\nI do not recommend the mac and cheese. It's terrible. They served it to me cold - not hot at all. Then I requested they add a few little bits of jalapeno - I got a boat load of teensy tiny jalapenos - they covered at least a 1/2 inch at the bottom of the bowl. And the bacon was gross - it was too fatty and in huge chunks. This made the entire thing pretty much inedible. Then, they served it to me cold. Yes, not hot, not warm, cool. How did they make it right? They reheated it! Yuck. Now it was dryer than the desert. How did they make it right? They took it off the bill. It still doesn't erase the memories of that disgusting dish.\n\nOh - I know I'll be back because my parents are regular diners there - so it's their go-to place. Plus, compared to nearby restaurants like Olive Garden or Applebees (bleh Chains), this has less crowd and more space. I like the fire. I love the patio. I like the bar. I like the stylish seating areas even though my folks require a table.
Definitely some of the best falafel I've eaten. This is a great place to go for lunch or a casual, light dinner.  The employees are friendly, the location is convenient, and the prices are reasonable.
By far the best donut I have eaten, much less in Charlotte.\nThe donuts are fresh (you can watch them make it which is fun) and customized to order so you always get a warm and fresh donut.The Maple + Bacon + Salted Caramel is one of the favorites, and for a good reason. Especially warm, it is melt in your mouth worthy. However, I've had over types of donuts and I haven't had one that I haven't enjoyed.\nThere is a large variety of glazes, toppings, and drizzles to meet your needs, both for fruity, salty, and sweet. They also have a daily special (I've seen orange dreamsicle recently) as well as a glaze of the month so you can try something new.\n\nThere isn't a lot of seating (2 tables outside and a tabletop inside) so you may need to eat in your car or find another spot in the parking lot to sit. The wait, depending on the time of day, can be out the door, but typically later in the day is a little more reasonable.\n\nYou should definitely make Duck Donuts part of your weekend craze, you won't be disappointed!
Very fresh shrimp!  Excellent and great value.  The traditional cart service is a big plus.
I highly recommend the freshly baked goods specially the donuts and croissants.\nIn regards to the hot table, most of the dishes are bland. Pasta tastes very generic.
We stepped into game works looking for something fun to do.  We arrived with a couple friends we hadn't seen in a while and sat at the bar with Kareem.  He is an excellent bartender and has an awesome personality.  He gave us some tips on how to get the most out of our dollar for game play. We got an hour of play each and had an awesome night.  Now we actually come in just to see Kareem.
This place has pretty good Tex-Mex with a twist in a casual setting.\nThe free chips and salsa are fresh and the salsa actually has some spice, so bonus points for that.  Actually, all the sauces and condiments I tried were flavorful.  You can construct your own taco from a selection of tortillas, sauces, meats, etc.  Or they have some suggested options available.  It's $3-5 for one taco, but they are pretty filling.  \n\nThis location is open till 1 am, we came late on a Friday night and staff were kind and friendly, even when they needed to let us know it was closing time.
A new low in restaurants. Our party of six ordered and waited--and waited--and waited--while others, including a table of eight, were seated, ordered and served. My husband got up, found our server, and asked about our food. She brought it out soon after, but it was cold and not as ordered. The server was apologetic and offered to replace the food, but after waiting so long, we were unwilling to wait another hour. Others in our party just ate cold food. All of us agreed that we wouldn't recommend it or go back. Lots of other local restaurants from which to choose!
The food was awesome--I had the beef tacos, just the right amount of food for one person.  They give you the option to add rice or a salad (but don't mention it's an extra couple of bucks--luckily, my dining companion thought to ask!), but it's not necessary at all.  The patio is lovely, and even though we didn't have a reservation, we were seated right away.  If we'd arrived later though, I'm sure we would have had to wait--by the time we left, around eight, there was a lineup on the sidewalk.\n\nThe waiter was super chatty and did a great job upselling us on dessert--we opted to share a plate of churros, which were delicious.
Deliciousness at its best!!! Get out and join the Craze. You will not be disappointed.\n\nTons of toppings, glaze, and flavors to jazz up your traditional donuts.\n\nBe sure to get them when they are rolling fresh out of the fryer.
It's lunch time, 1:30 line in the drive through around the parking lot.\nInside, all the tables are dirty \nCashier was very nice, friendly and helpful. \nTea was out.
Food was mediocre which was overpriced. Had the worst service there. The restaurant was not crowed and it took them a good while to serve our food. In addition we had to ask our waitress several times for items we ordered. Don't mind me while I desperately try to get the last drop of water from my cup. No refills necessary  Would I ever return? Nope! Would I recommend this place to my family and friends? Nope! FYI Pho is not Japanese.
Panagio's is an all day breakfast joint that caters to an underserved part of town. Located at the intersection of McCowan and Nugget, this place serves up brekkie and brunch well into the early afternoon (closing daily at 4pm).\n\nThe prices are modest and portion sizes are generous for what you pay. As far as taste goes, I think the food stacks up to pretty much anywhere else, spare for a few places. It's also pretty comfortable, with the entire facade featuring large windows and retracted blinds for an unobstructed view. Politeness and speed also seem to be the standard, with a single server and a cook or two being able to handle multiple customers at any given time.\n\nIf you're hangry and anywhere near Scarborough during said emergency, Panagio's got'cho back, no problem.
5 stars for customer service alone! \n\nThe staff was so great and helpful with everything and even as we were walking through the lobby, just asking us if we needed anything, making sure everything was ok with the stay etc. Very attentive!\n\nThe room was very well decorated and the bed very comfy, I did not want to leave! Also, the noon check out was nice...we weren't in a rush to get up and out, so it was nice taking our time and my husband was able to fit in a swim before we checked out.
Not bad for dim sum the prices are a little high compared to what I'm use to paying in NYC but overall not bad. The food is fresh and it's not crowded. Worth checking out if you just feel like eating dim sum and not driving anywhere far.
This place was really good. I was here on vacation in OBX and passed by. We got a whole box of donuts that were all very, very good. I had a chocolate covered donut that was hot and melted in my mouth. The donuts are made throughout the store it goes all around and comes out hot and fresh! I definitely suggest this place for anyone passing through OBX.
Decent Italian beef sandwiches.  Probably would not be my first choice if I were actually in Chicago, but for AZ, they are alright.  The beef is very tender and juicy, but the au jus seemed to be lacking in taste.
This place isn't as bad as people have made it out to be. We intended to go somewhere else, but when it was closed we opted to go here. They were great to my wife, two great old son and I. The food was pretty good, and while not the best sushi I've ever had, jut wasn't terrible like others have said. Their bento boxes, and tempura were good.
I can't speak to the quality of the food here because I left immediately after sitting down. It smelled FUNKY in here. Not appetizing at all. The service was slow to arrive and the server was less than friendly. The fatal flaw: CASH ONLY. \n\nI came here based on the Yelp ratings which seem unusually inaccurate. I won't be coming back - there is too much Pho to explore elsewhere.
Saved us from a Sunday night of frozen pizza! It was 9 o'clock and our options for dinner were rapidly diminishing when the Red Bowl Asian Bistro popped up on my android restaurant finder. They were open til 10 so the decision was made. Our initial greeting by what looked to be the owner of all ppl was not one of excitement  or even welcome....but the service was friendly which I suppose is what matters. We had sushi to start with, because I am a weenie eater when it comes to sushi we had a California roll, which let's face it is hard to make wrong, and a Dragon roll, which was a hit with the rest of the table.  Our table ordered the Broccoli Beef and the Cashew Chicken both of which got middle of the road responses (we didn't take these leftovers home, which speaks volumes), we also had a simple Chicken Lo Mein which was delish (with the addition of some soy sauce) and the Spicy Thai Basil Chicken that was unique and very fresh.  Another big plus were the portion sizes, we all ordered individual dishes, but there was plenty to share, which is half the fun of dining out right?  \n\nOn another note, they don't serve alcohol on Sundays (sniffle), but if you bring in your church bulletin, you get a free soda (hmmmm....).\n\nEven though half of the dishes failed to rock my world, the fact that the ingredients were fresh leads me to believe that after some investigation to weed out weak dishes, you'll be left with some pretty delicious Asian options when the mood strikes!
This place was a reco from a friend after my girlfriend and I mentioned to her that I'd been out of town for a while and was looking for something different. When I first heard where in the city it was, I couldn't picture anything except houses. Needless to say, I was right but this place is an amazing little gem (in a house). \n\nWe were a party of 2 but couldn't get a table so we seated at the bar. No biggie. Being seated at the bar has it's perks. We were able to chat with the bartender while he did his magic. \n\nWe had the ceviche, tacos de pescado (fish), and poblano chile rellenos. The seafood in both of our dishes was incredible. It tasted extremely fresh both raw and cooked. The dishes weren't small either. We could have easily gotten full just on the mains alone. But I like to think my stomach has a 6th gear so I pushed for the ceviche up front. \n\nThe layout of the restaurant is pretty cozy so indoor seating is limited. Reservations are highly recommended as I can see this place bursting at the seams in the summer (even with their front yard patio). \n\nOverall, a great spot for excellent Mexican. It's definitely on my "I know a little place in the Annex..." list.
After two years of living in Charlotte, I decided to see what the hype was about! I ventured here on a Sunday morning, and got about halfway there before I realized that the after church crowd had probably taken over just about everywhere that served food. I was pleasantly surprised to find ample parking and NO line (which was great for my anxiety as I had no idea how to order). Didn't know it was kind of "build your own" and of course I'm not exactly a donut connoisseur as far as flavors go, so that left me a little confused. All in all, tasty stuff. Didn't expect the cakey texture, but it worked!
This is a great place to go if you live in Tega Cay. You can probably walk to the restaurant from your home.  We go here often. the sushi Chef, Chuck is amazing.  Everything he makes is super fresh and a work of art.  I suggest any sushi item on the menu. They also make a nice steak there over an open fire.  The only thing I don't like is the dessert. They serve individual moussy desserts off a dessert tree. I would like to see a made to order hot dessert, ice cream, or maybe a peice of cake on the menu.  Other than that it's a great place to go for a very reasonably priced meal.  Also if you are a smoker you they have an outdoor section set aside just for you. I'm not really a smoker, but I would imagine that is very rare these days.
Delicious authentic viet food.\nWe love Banh Cuon (steamed rice rolls with ground pork), Bun Bo Hue (spicy noodle soup) which is only available on weekend, Pho Bo Kho (tomatoes beef stew with fresh noodles) & Bun rieu (crab tomatoes thin noodle soup with shrimp paste) which are weekday specials.\nBest Viet food in the GTA. It used to be cheaper but they keep raising the price due to the demands
The food was OK and ther service nice but I didn't see anything special. It was raining outside and the roof was leaking... I don't see this as anything but a local watering hole
Unique atmosphere, relaxing, good food, great tea. I really enjoyed my experience here. Some reviews on here mentioned slow/bad service but that wasn't the case for me at all. I will admit though that some of the charm for me relies on nostalgia. It reminds me of growing up in the early 90s and being carefree while playing board games. The bohemian decor certainly helped as well.
Okay, you're still pretty damn good.\n\nThe patio is a lovely hideaway. The guac was very fresh, but not nearly spicy enough for "medium" (it barely tasted mild), and could use a splash of lime or some red onion.\n\nThe chicken burrito was gorgeously presented with both tomato salsa, salsa verde, guac, and a bbq sauce, with a moist chicken interior. A very large portion and quite delectable.\n\nThe service was friendly but mostly inattentive. Prices are still just a tad high.\n\nBut this is a great spot overall! I'm a fan.
Super impressed with Bampot! The service was amazing, the collection of tea and board games is vast. If you haven't been your missing out. The husband and wife team are doing it right! Ps. The best chocolate cake ever !!!  They also take reservations which is great for parties .
Came here for lunch with some co workers,  I love sushi and have heard good things about this place. The sushi was wonderful, and my coworkers really liked the pho. I'd come back for the food, but not the service. The service was awful. The guy who took our order had to come back to make sure he had the drink order right, forgot some sides that we had ordered, and never refilled our drinks, or even asked if we wanted refills for that matter. There was no ginger or wasabi with the sushi orders, so my coworker and I asked for some. We were never brought any. We had to flag our waiter down to get the check, and then he took ten minutes to bring it to us (There were maybe 3 other groups of 3 or less people in the restaurant and there was another waiter working). Once we got the checks he was quick about running them, which was nice. When we left we noticed that there was wasabi on some of the tables of the people who were eating sushi, so obviously they had it available.
When so many donut places are giving us stale donuts, Duck Donuts reinvents the process and takes it back old school.  They actually make them to order.  So many choices make for an almost unlimited combinations so everyone is happy.  Don't pass up the opportunity to stop by and get your favorite if you are in the area.
I had a wonderful time at Bricks!  The food was delicious, you have to try the sliders and the ribs.  Service was outstanding.
Food was decent but the service was alright. When I went into pick up my order, the guy had zero energy. He didn't bother smiling or saying hello or have a nice day....anyway, it looked like he was having a bad day. oh and the restaurant was dead. Like bro, at least serve the one customer you have properly lol.  \nAnyway, I won't be coming back here. The food wasn't even magical and the price is a bit high for the quantity given. \n\nTime to try the other 100s of Indian restaurants.
Best out there. Period....\n\nSushi - Best\nEgg Rolls - Best\nFood - Best\nLunch menu - omg Best and nicely priced\nDinner menu - Best\n\nService - Most of the staff are awesome....some can be w/e but you can get this anywhere\n\nCleanliness - Never had an issue with it being dirty\n\nParking - meh but I blame the dollar tree (or whatever that is) they squeezed in next door...
The staff was great and I will say, I'm not really a fan of ramen but.. it was tasty..The staff more than made up for my lack of interest I. Ramen
Bun bo hue was so delicious. Best one I've had in Toronto so far. Lots of lemongrass and just enough spiciness. Super fast service. I swear faster than fast food! Very clean restaurant.
This place always been one of the top spots in the city!\nI have been coming to this place for years now since it first opened few years ago.\n\nAlways great for couples or semi-big groups, the bar area is pretty hipped as well, very cool spot!\n\nMy favourite and recommendation are the muscles, chicken bites and calamari..and most definitely their Chicken Parmesan is amazing!\n\nService is exceptional, host and manage
It's closed. No longer open, what a disappointment........ guess  I'm heading to Ambridge for some of this great pizza now
A good friend of mine told me about this place. He started drulling every time he would say "Lukes" so I though I should check it out. Luke's most def. lives up to the hype. Great food and fast service. everyone in the place was talking about how good it was. Ive never seen so many people drulling over hot weiners all at once.
Do not waste your hard earned dollars here. For a Saturday night the place was almost empty.   Appetizers (onion rings and fried zucchini)  came out cold.  The wings were very good. My wife's chicken dinner was COLD, beans almandine had no almonds and mushy.   The so called smoked ribs were NOT smoked (1/2 rack was a 1/3 rack).  The waitress added $40+ on to our bill,  The peaches and cream martini had very little alcohol.  After the adjustment the bill was still $175 and we drank very little for 4. .  Oh, they were out of half of the deserts.  I would have given this joint zero stars but you cant.  Dont get me wrong I can afford a 5* restaurant but we decided to try Charr this place is doomed to closing.  Oh NO cold glasses.  The waitress brought glass's with ice water in them to chill them and emptied them but left 3 oz of water in the bottom.  This place needs a visit from   Gordon Ramseyor David Irvine.
This place has great potentially to be something extraordinary. But the lack of service is one of the worst I've ever seen. I was waiting at the bar for a drink while the bartender chick, ( tall dark hair ) pass by us for a good 15 minutes and through out that time she did not acknowledge us once, not even a simple ( I'll be right with you) she straight out ignore us. I never post reviews on yelp but this by far was the worst well I can't even called it service since I wasn't even helped. The past time I've gone there there is a guy bartender and usually he is on point and his service is phenomenal of they want this place to get regulars and keep more money coming I will suggested hiring a staff full of him cause the rest of the staff is by far the worst service industry people I've met.
Croissants and tacos? \n\nWhy not blend them together in one sweet spot in the Concordia ghetto. \n\nOne block away from from 3 amigos takes a lot of courage.\nGlad to say it passed the test for me, it is very fresh and tasty. The burritos are not gigantic just right sized for me. The choice of sides are mushed up beans, salad and rice with corn.\n\nThe price per plate is under 10 dollars for most items, even steak and shrimp.\n\nThey have 3 soft tacos for $5\n\n\nThe only downside is the lack of spices so make sure to ask for the sauces trio to complement the burritos and soft tacos.
plenty of refills on drinks, which was nice. Wifi is practically non-existent. Also, kind of a bad sign on how employees are treated when they aren't given enough time to actually see what's going on in the museum. Makes conversations awkward when you want to talk to your waiter about the museum and they've never been inside!
It's not posh, but it's not supposed to be.\n\nI almost gave them four stars because the service isn't as rude as Schwartz's or Ben's in Montreal - but this is pretty much the real thing.\n\nThey even have black cherry soda, without which the whole thing would be a complete fail. \n\nGreat sandwiches, probably the closed thing to Smoke Meat Pete (my choice in Montreal) that I've found in the GTA. Came with an old friend who used to frequent the place years ago, she noted that other than not allowing smoking anymore it hadn't changed even a little bit.
The atmosphere is really nice and quiet and it smells amazing. The food is reasonably priced and it is good. I think it is definitely authentic but I don't think it was my favorite Indian here in Scottsdale. I had the paneer tikka and samosas. Make sure to go easy if you don't like spicy.
Walked in and walked right out. Place is dirty and smelly. Staff is rude and doesn't like to interact with anyone. Walked by the bartenders and they were too busy socializing with each other then serving drinks. Kids run around unsupervised and the parents let them. This is like a wanna be kidz quest with parents mixed in. Waiting for Dave and Busters to come to Vegas like...
Ordered online through Grubhub for delivery.  Ordered eggplant parmigiana with sauce on side.  Received order with no sauce at all.  Also ordered linguine with clam sauce .  All the clam shells were broken and I was picking out sharp pieces while trying to chew. Called owner and he was rude.  Said you want sauce you come get.  This place is recently opened and we won't be ordering again.
This Italion restaurant is outstanding. Lasagne was brought to our table and the sauce was still boiling. The owners used to have a restaurant in southern highlands and when they moved the food was not as good. Once we found them, we have started going back and have not been disappointed. My friend had questions on the wine- no problem. He was allowed to sample each and then made his order. They go out of their way to make eating there a good experience
It was mediocre at best.  Cramped space with average service. This is far from anything authentic which they don't claim to be.  Server said guacamole was their most popular app and it tasted good but nothing outstanding. Mains forgetful. The churro was the highlight of the meal.  \n\n I was in on a Friday night with reservations for 2.  Told we only had the table until 9pm.  Kinda odd but worked for us.  \n\nGood luck finding parking anywhere close on a Friday night.
Best banoffee pancakes ever! Delicious, sooo good. Unable to find banoffee pancakes elsewhere, will definitely come back to Edinburgh and have these again sometime soon
Any Mexican place that has horchata as a drink option is already starting off on the right foot. In addition to the amazing guac, delicious food and great service, you can't really go wrong with Playa Cabana. \n\nBetween my friend and I we ordered the guac (obvious choice here, guys!), the braised ancho shortrib taco and the steak burrito,. I was sick, so couldn't share as I normally do, but am assured that the steak burrito was pretty delicious. The shortrib taco was too though, as mentioned by the many Yelpers before me, incredibly oily. I should have heeded the warning because, after 2 tacos, the grease was too much for me and the 3rd taco was left uneaten. Still, a yummy choice for those that don't mind the oily fingers afterwards. \n\nThe only thing preventing this from being a perfect rating was the entirely TOO cozy dining space inside, where we were seated. We were at the bar, knees pressed to the counter and the waiters/waitresses still kept bumping us and/or the table behind us on their way out to deliver food because the space between was SO small. It's not the fault of the waiters, but there has to be a better way... I can only imagine that this kind of disruption happens every day. \nNot enough of a deterrent to stop coming here, though. The food is just too good!
I really like the food here; we have tried pretty much every taco on regular rotation.  The environment is clean and the servers are kind and efficient.  \nIf you order any of the breakfast bowls or tacos, know that they are a lot more filling than their regular fare.  My favorite tacos are el filidelfia, el puerco and carne trozo, but, they are all tasty.  \nYou will also receive complimentary chips and salsa.  \nBeer and margarita selection is good!  There is also a nice patio area in the back with outdoor seating.
If you are looking for a no frills Friday night fish fry that will blow your mind, this is your place. I am giving this place 5 stars because it is wonderful for a very simple meal, with excellent service. \n\n We had a little trouble finding the door (the entrance is in the back facing away from Packers Ave.) but once we walked in and sat at one of their wobbly tables, we were instantly greeted by our friendly server.  Though the bar was busy, we got our drinks immediately, along with a basket with two basic white bread rolls and coleslaw.  All very standard issue.  \n\nThe fish was another story. Whoa.  I got the Canadian perch and my boyfriend got the Canadian walleye.  The large single piece of walleye was lightly breaded and fried perfectly.  It was buttery, non-fishy, and totally delicious.  The baked potato that came with it was pretty standard, but good.  The perch was battered differently in a thicker, more crunchy coating.  The little strips were just AMAZING.  I got a pile of 7 or 8 strips that I honestly couldn't stop eating.  The fries were done to perfection as well.  \n\nMy boyfriend and I are somewhat light eaters in general, but we cleared out all of that fried goodness in one sitting.  On the way out the cooks from the back yelled good bye, the bartender wished us a good night, and someone standing by the door smiled and asked us to come back soon.  I can't say enough about how friendly everyone here is.  It looks like a burned out biker bar, but their simple menu is done right.  I never thought I would like a place so much that doesn't have salad on their menu, but I anticipate we will be back many many more times.
We had my daughters 4th birthday here. We weren't able to purchase a pitcher bc we weren't having a party but they were very polite. I didn't like that it was very busy and very loud.
Really cool vibe.  Sort of a hippie version of snakes and lattes.  They already have a decent collection of games although it Just opened, so expect even more.  Keep an eye out for the Scottish chef! Food was great, i had a lentil soup and Pita with hummus.  Tea selection was phenomenal.
First time we went here we ordered the French Onion soup, the onion rings, and the Phoenix burger to share.  The item we liked the least was the burger, but that's not saying it wasn't good.  The soup and onion rings were awesome.  The truffle fries took center stage!\n\nSince our first visit we've been back several times and have had equally good experiences.  The service is always friendly and speedy, but sometimes the kitchen is a little slow.  I don't mind the speed because good food is worth the wait, which it is here.\n\nIt's a great addition to the Moon Valley neighborhood!
These idiots were closed today for a private event. Really annoying since we came a very long way.
It was good but not stellar or anything. I think it was a bit overhype's to me so I was disappoint when it wasn't life changing. \nTheir chicken strips were just a fried chicken breast that had been sliced. The amount in one order was kind of pathetic. \nTheir fries tasted like the kind I can heat up from the freezer section. \nTheir gyros were good but they weren't better than any other gyro I've ever had. \nI'd go again if I was craving gyros but I could also go anywhere else that sells them and get one just as good.
- Since this is a fast food place, I will not comment on the customer service because you basically just order and take your order, there is not much serving to discuss about.\n- What I have tried: Butter chicken which is their most popular one\n- Quality: The butter chicken sauce was really good but the chicken is very dry. I had it with chickpeas (No extra charges) and it went very well with the food. I also got the yellow rice, which is not much different from white rice. \n- Portion: they gave me generous amount of chickens and sauce, but I still think the portion is very small compared to the price\n- Price: $9.75 + tax came up to  around $11 which is very expensive. I could have just gone to Curry&Co in Dundas 10 food court and get a bigger portion and much better food quality just for $7-8. They even give u a free naan if you're student, but you have to pay $2 something if u want naan at Amaya.\n- I would not come back here again.
This is where you get the real deal vietnamese in the city.  The broth is incredible, i've not come across anything I did not love.  I'm a House Special guy, I would honestly pour this Beef Stock onto my cereal!
The patio is a nice atmosphere- cozy and comfy. The guacamole was great- nice thick consistency! Strawberry margarita a bit too sweet. Our waiter Michael was very efficient!! Will definitely be back! Loved the pineapple salsa on my burrito!!! Fresh!!!
I just went to Tandoori Times tonight for my friend's birthday and I really liked it. Everything was delicious, especially the lamb, and the naan was soo good (the garlic naan, the cheesy naan was a little bland). The service was good, and they gave my friend a free dessert. I did think the restaurant could have used a little more personality, maybe some nicer decorations or better music, but otherwise it was great, would definitely go back again.
Grew up in Squirrel Hill and found Napoli's pizza to be the best.  For the past seven years I have lived in O'Hara Township, and still drive to Squirrel Hill to pick up a Napoli pizza (no decent pizza joints in the Fox Chapel/Aspinwall/Blawnox area). \nThey also have the best Italian Hoagie. I like mine with mayo and banana peppers.\nTry their white pizza with tomatoes and feta cheese. Delicious!!!
These donuts are SOOO good!! I don't even like donuts that much, but I like these A LOT!!\n\nI would suggest calling in your order or getting there really early (as in when they open) because they are very busy and you will have to wait. \n\nThe wait is worth it though, so pick your battles!!
$13 fish and chips was 2 small fillet's, ala, Gorton's out-of -the-box, and some okay fries. Sooo like LJ Silver's at, what, $5.99? Friends hummus veggie platter looked clunky and uninspired, but inexpensive during HH. The very limited menu made it difficult to satisfy anything beyond the very least adventurous dining. With the myriad, and far superior, choices in the central corridor, this place is merely convenient to (within) the art museum. Have a $3.50 Prickly Pear lemonade and Yelp other options.
The Bun Bo Hue is mouth watering delicious. It's a weekend special only that has just enough spice level to keep you sweating but can still enjoy.
I have loved Napoli's for so long I can't remember when I first actually walked through the door.  Here is the problem.  I am at work and super hungry because I didn't have time to make dinner before I got here and I work nights.  I ordered a small 8 cut pizza, one order of fries and a 12 ounce can of mountain dew and he tells me that will be $19.80.  I ask you, is this a fair price?  The driver got there and I asked him, what is the delivery charge and do they add in a tip?  He says, no and no.  I didn't want to stiff the driver, so I gave him a few dollars for the tip, eventhough it took them 48 minutes to get here and I am right in Squirrell Hill.  That's in the same area, basically right around the corner.  The pizza had some cheese that was missing and some was sliding off of the pizza.  uggghhh, that's my pet peeve!  I am seriously not ordering from these people ever again.
The food was alright but the service was bad. The employees seemed outright miserable, our waitress left halfway through our meal without us even knowing. It took forever for us to order and to pick up the check. I love breakfast but I'll be eating it elsewhere
WOW - What a turn around (180) from last time. We decided to give it another try. Just goes to show staff can make or break a good dining experience.  Food was awesome and service to match. Gonna love my left overs tomorrow. \n\nGlad we have it another try. Just don't let them sit you with Shaggy from Scooby Doo. You will know who I'm talking about. Young slender tall guy with a bun on top. Talks with hippie slang duuuuude.
This Olive Garden just moved across the way to a brand new building located at 2710 W North Lane Phoenix AZ 85021. it's been open about a week.  At first we couldn't find it with our GPS since it is so new.   We went there Nov 27 (tues) 2012\n\nWe arrived around 1pm as a party of 4 adults for lunch.   They sat us on the left side near the entrance at the 1st booth.  Thought it would be noisy, but overall it was okay.\n\nOur Servers were friendly, attentive and very conversational, one of our members is a talker and our server enjoyed chatting with him.\n\nThey had a special 2 for $25, but we weren't that impressed with the special.  We ordered off of the lunch menu.  we ordered the following\n\nCYO appetizer sampler 3: Calamari, stuffed mushrooms & Fried Zucchini\n\nMain lunch courses:\nLasagna Classico\nBraised Beef Tortelloni\nLinguine alla Marinara\nChicken Caprese Panini\n\nDessert:  Zeppolis\n\nWe also ordered two dishes to go, even though not on the lunch menu,  they were accommodating and prepped the to go items for us from the dinner menu.\n\nChicken Parmigiana with [Fettuccine Alfredo (substituted)]\nChicken Marsala\n\nWe first only ordered the sampler appetizer, and after it came out is when we ordered the rest of our meal.  That made the lunch more enjoyable, not rushed and our main meals were piping hot.\n\nThe Salad came out cold and crisp as usual.  Bread sticks were a little delayed about 5 minutes, they ran out, so we got them fresh out of the oven when they were ready.  Our servers were very good at refilling our drinks.\n\nThe whole lunch experience was very good, food tasty. First time I tried their braised beef tortelloni and was delicious.  Wasn't sure what to expect. The Beef about 4 or 5 slices is served with the tortelloni.  By the way, I always thought it was tortellini.  The server told me Tortelloni is bigger size wise.\n\nWe also had Zeppoli with chocolate sauce.  They sprinkled liberally the powder sugar on the Zeppoli.  These Zeppoli were rectangular and texture is more firm than doughnuts.  We enjoyed them immensely and will order them again in the future. \n\nAs Olive Garden restaurant, it was a good experience. I think being a new building everyone was excited.  Go and enjoy yourselves, we did.
Hopefully this place goes out of business soon as I have no idea why these guys opened a business which requires interacting with the public. When I walked in there were two guys by the counter where you order. Even though I was their only customer neither of them greeted me and actually seemed as though they were annoyed that they had a customer. Even though the hours indicated that they opened thirty minutes prior, I felt so uncomfortable that I asked if they were open. The one guy said yes, but when I asked the other a question about the menu he seemed really annoyed and answered only reluctantly. After attempting another question and getting more attitude I just left. According to other reviews I read I was anxious to try their food but they clearly do not treat customers as customers and as far as I could tell, hate their jobs. If being treated like crap in a divey little hole in the wall is your thing, this is the place!
Such good food, nice servers that aren't stingy. Also added healthier sides like grilled okra and grilled beans.
I actually like Carrabba's considering it's a restaurant chain. It's better than say an Olive Garden or red lobster. Staff was really friendly and professional. Though my order was incorrect the manager called me back promptly and sent me a gift card. Overall great experiences here. I'll be back.
I have lived here for 2 years now and the "hunt" for good sushi and a clean and friendly environment have been a tough search........ My daughter and I came across Red Koi by accident ( alittle hidden and hard to see from the road) \nBut with that said,  we now eat there atleast once a week....... Its cute, charming, staff is friendly and helpful and the food is great!!!\nIf you live in or near the area you should definitely try it out :)
The subs are always awesome here..today I got the hook and ladder light which is a good option if you want a lower calorie sub. On the other hand you can get the Italian sub which is full of salami and ham. Also they have a hot sauce bar that you can try a ton of different sauces which is kind of fun.
Great first experience eating Dim Sum. Customer service was exceptional and the food was delicious. Highly recommend this restaurant!
My sister and two cousins decided to stop here for dim sum. It's okay overall. \n\nGood\n~ got seated fairly quick; no waiting time when we went at 11 am.\n~ food came by via carts often but lacking in selections.\n\nBad\n~ very few selections, mostly shu mai came by.\n~ very elderly (retirement age) nonspeaking ladies came by with carts; appeared annoyed when ask them to show what's in the bamboo containers since they don't speak English to describe them.\n~ very unfriendly staff who barks "what you want?" when trying to ask if we can get vegetables.\n~ spent 60 CAD for four people and we didn't eat that much.\n~ tea pot looks unclean for ages. \n~ can't get a constant waiter to help you. You had to hail a walking server to tell them what you need and hope they remember.\n\nJust like any Asian restaurants in ANY city, do not expect high level of customer service. Just hope that they understand what you're asking for.
Have to say, my son didn't have the greatest birthday party here, HOWEVER, after contacting the company they ensured everything was made right. After seeing what they will do for their customers, I will be a Gameworker for life!
A house-turned restaurant, Playa Cabana is tucked away on a quiet part of Dupont. Dim lighting and rustic-y decor make for a a nice ambiance. If you're in this part of town and you like guacamole, definitely check it out. The kitchen staff was 100% Latino. This is always a good sign. My personal experience, however, was just OK (mostly relating to the service provided). \n\nWe ordered a pitcher of mojitos for the table which arrived in the form of margaritas. When we politely told the server that he had mixed up our order, he insisted that we had in fact ordered margaritas. Strike one. But ok, he brought us the mojitos at no extra charge.\n\nThe food was good, but a few things were missing. The carne asada is a (surprisingly) large slab of meat which should have been the first clue that it was mostly globs of fat and very little actual meat. The sauce was delicious, as were the pureed black beans, but someone should be inspecting the cuts of meat for quality before serving them for $19 a piece. The guacamole was perfect.\n\nFinally, the bill arrived and there were a few curiously inserted charges for things that we had not ordered (including 2 side salads and a portion of rice). This is apparently what happens when your server says: "would you like rice or salad with that?" and you assume that your meal comes with rice or salad when in fact it does not. This is one of my biggest pet peeves at restaurants - why trick the customer into ordering something that she did not ask for? We're going to see it on the bill! I was not impressed with that.\n\nLastly, I will say that despite my somewhat average experience here, its a great place to get drinks and to munch on some guac on an otherwise uneventful Tuesday night. Playa Cabana seems to always be busy in this very quiet and unassuming part of town.\n\nI should add one more thing: after about an hour of great salsa tunes followed by some reggaeton, someone decided it was a good idea to play "Backstreets Back" and other  90's pop jams. We were all confused by that and it was truly unfortunate.
Love this neighborhood spot! Great place to grab a beer and burger after work but don't rule out the rest of the menu! Killer spicy chili wings and crab cakes! Top it off with a milkshake for dessert you won't regret it!
Food wasn't that tasty. We ordered eggs Benny with kielbasa and steak and eggs. Kielbasa was just regular sausage and salty. Was nowhere a polish sausage . And the hollandaise sauce was kinda eggy, wasn't good at all. Steak tasted funny, wasn't the best cut of meat. After spending $45 all we were able to stomach was the home fries ( which was surprisingly good ) and toast. It was super disappointing \n\nService was good though. No\nComplaints there ..
Uhh okay..am I the only one here who had a bad experience here? \n- the waiter was not attentive..did not check up on us after we received our food \n-maybe I got the wrong thing but the EGGS BENNY...sucked. C'mon, Cora's eggs Benny tastes better. It tasted like the sauce was store bought \n\nI would not go back here again!
Yuzu is definitely a bar with a personality. They are constantly putting on different events with different themes. They even have dinners that you can bring your dog to and they bring your furry friend their own doggy meal. Their drinks all have clever names and they have shot and beer combos for when you're feeling adventurous. When it comes to the food, you just can't beat their delicious bowls. I have also tried the yuzu fries, which were definitely not what I expected, but so delicious. The patio is small, but a nice place to sit when the weather is nice enough. They also have a nice selection of board games if you need a little something different to spice up your night! My one complaint is that whenever I've visited, the music has been almost alarmingly loud. Overall, it's definitely a great place to try when you're looking for something a little out of the or
Tacos are in my top 3ish favourite foods so when I go to taco joints, my expectations are always high.\n\nDon Taco underwhelmed me. I ordered 2 of the ground beef tacos (because it's a classic and will usually be the best gauge for a taco establishment) and a chicken taco. My friend ordered 2 vegetarian tacos.\n\nMy tacos weren't terrible but I probably could've just saved myself the disappointment and bought one of those Old El Paso taco mix boxes and gotten better results. My friend seemed to enjoy his vegetarian tacos though so maybe I missed something.\n\nProbably won't come back.
No big surprise here. New ownership taking over and changing menu. NO MORE SUSHI!! There goes my business!\n\nLove love love this place. Absolutely love their sushi. The prices are great. Sushi is fresh. Something has happened recently with the service. I can note that at least three super friendly and super efficient servers are no longer here, within the last few months on lunch service. Only one server working today. Waited and waited. Then I was told they'd be with me shortly . As I'm writing this three gentleman just walked out that didn't wait half as long as I did to place my order. Once I ordered, rec'd my meal within eight minutes l. Which is very acceptable. I hope it's a fluke the service has been a bit off recently , because I'm on quite limited time on my lunch hour. I'll give it another shot. Fingers crossed. Rating
AZ Restaurant Week 2013 brought me to Charr - An American Burger for the first time.    Let's just run down the good things about Charr real quick: \n\nAbout the restaurant itself: \n-takes reservations on Open Table.  Sweet. \n-had reservations available on time on our arrival.   something to be said as many places don't! \n-nice outdoor patio \n-good ambiance and decorations\n\nAbout the food:  \n-crab cake appetizer was good. flaky, good flavors, good size for sharing (2 on the plate) \n-my cousin loved the truffle fries  (she actually took the leftover fries to go she liked them so much)\n-I had the salmon burger.   The salmon was perfectly cooked.  I decided to forego the bun, it was delicious on its own.  I get that this is a "burger joint" so there's a theme, but it's great as a non-burger too (that's how i would order in the future) \n-My cousin had the BBQ burger.   MMM!!!  I had a few bites of it.  Now that's a burger!  Get it!\n-The garlic knot buns are awesome!  \n-The Moscow Mule was perfect!  Served in a copper mug, minty fresh, all I hoped for! \n\n\nMy only grumble about this place was that the service was pretty slow.  We sat outside and it seemed like our waitress didn't know if we were in her section or not, though she was friendly.  It took about 10 minutes for anyone to greet us after we had been seated  The meal took about 2 hours to finish for the two of us.  Nevertheless, it was enjoyable!!  If you're up for a leisurely meal, definitely hit up Charr's.
Horrible. We ordered food to go and it took them over 2 hours to get our food. I understand that restaurants can be busy but 2 hours for a few orders? Unbelievable
The butter chicken is my favorite curry/sauce (but the chicken itself is a bit dry)\nThe naan bread is amazing!! It's freshly made in that stone oven thing (not a heated up naan bread from the toaster) I love the garlic naan, they also have plain and butter naan.\n\nAnd it also comes with salad or chick peas, seems healthy :)\n\nI have tried the other curries but they are not as memorable, stick to the butter chicken, yum!\n\nThe homemade mango drink at the counter where you pay, grab one! Worth it! Goes perfect with the curries.
I think this location has really friendly service, the pizza is made just the way I ordered it. I use the pizza pizza app to order it ahead of time and go in to pick up for the time I selected, and it's ready right on time. My orders are usually really complicated with a lot of requests and when I get my pizza it's just as described, it tastes even better than other locations! There's always plenty of parking also.
Finally in North Scottsdale, a great Indian place. Our friend who grew up in London recommended T/T and we wern't disappointed. The best Lamb Saag I've had and our friend always gets the Tiki Masala. Excellent service and happy hour drink prices before 6pm.\nMy question is where is the garlic in "Garlic Naan??"\nBadger Out!
The servers are half friendly and half slow, as well as the food.... half comes and you would be done before the rest comes! com here if you want to chill and air for awhile, not if you are in a hurry. \nthe food is decent tho it's a hit or miss depending on what you get.
I ordered the butterflied shrimp tacos to go... I don't recommend.. They tasted burnt and the shrimp were rubbery, they lacked flavor, well, maybe they had flavor but was masked by the overly charred flavor.. Not to mention they need way better take out containers, what a mess when I got back to the office. I really wanted to like these guys, might try again but def not the shrimp.
soooo.. we really liked this place (as u can see from our previous review) until today.  called in ahead and ordered two salads for pick up for lunch, \n1 caesar salad        $9.00\n1 antipasto misto  $13.00\n\nwe got home and immediately started eating. upon tasting the caesar dressing, i noticed it had no flavor whatsoever. it tasted like flour mixed w/water... it was weird.  we called and very politely let the woman on the phone know that they may want to taste the dressing as it was completely flavorless.  we have caesar dressing here at home so this wouldnt have been a big deal, if her response wouldve been appropriate... she acted like we were bothering her by calling!!! like we got it for free or something!!! she could not care less .. no apology, no "hey, thx for lettn us kno!", nothing. just "ok", "ok", "ok", bye!!?  \n\nbleh... its pretty hard to screw up salads.. but they did.  $28 worth of wilted, old lettuce and flavorless white gravy!!! lol\n\nnever again. theres way too many places in this city to choose from.
Had brunch with a friend here. I ordered the baked beef brisket and spaghetti in Portuguese sauce.\n\nThis is more or less my go to dish at these hk diner type places. I can't say it was the best one I've had but I can't say it was the worst. \n\nThe meal comes with soup and a drink. I got the veggie soup and cold hk milk tea. \n\nThe portions were pretty big. i forced myself to finish my meal and was absolutely stuffed. the pieces of beef brisket were huge, definitely not bite sized chunks. the Portuguese sauce also had potatoes and corn in it too. The spaghetti was cooked well.\n\nBecause it is close by, and the options for hk diners within the 10 or so minute radius from where i live are so limited, I'd come back.
So I checked out one of the new hot spots in Toronto.  Very cool little place with an inspiring new menu.\n\nSome of the items are true winners.  The guacamole is first class, with the Cremoso Jalapeño cheese dip.\n\nThe tacos are also mostly good.  I could use a little more fish in the fish taco but all very tasty.\nI had the Rock Lobster, Fish, Beef, Chicken were all excellent.\n\nFried Avocado was not a winner for me.\n\nThe sweets are also very good.  Citrus Margarita bars was my favorite, and the Churros were good but the dough is to soft and is hard to dip into the sauces without breaking apart.\n\nGreat local gem.  Looking forward to coming back.
Olive Garden has decent Italian food but this area is quite ghetto. Just wear a bullet-proof vest and your dinner should be delicious.
This was actually my runner-up option for dinner but because my first option wasn't opened, I unwillingly came here and am so happy I did. They are located on dupont and can easily missed if you're not paying attention. It's a quaint restaurant with a patio in the front.\n\nCame by after work for dinner and we ordered:\n\nAl Pastor Taco 3 for $13 - marinated pork with pineapples and toppings. I've been searching throughout the city for al pastor taco that is remotely similar to those I've had in LA and I think it's safe to say that these are the closest I've had and I'm thrilled to put an end to my search.\n\nGrilled fish taco with rice and black beans $18-20...? - their freshly grilled fish (although not very flavourful) was delicious! Taco usually has two corn tortilla per taco but this place only uses one so our fish taco ripped quickly and made a mess everywhere! The rice and beans were meh - rice tasted like ketchup fried rice.\n\nThe server was nice and came by the check on us. Be sure to try their hot sauce! It gives everything a nice kick. I will most definitely be back!
I'd give the food 4 or 5 stars, but the service --not so much.  We sat down in a crowded bar and expected to wait a bit, but got attention from the bartender right away.  Got our drinks right away too, but ask for a minute to decide what to order.  That was the last time we saw the bartender.  After 20 minutes (10 minutes after the bar emptied out and it wasn't even busy) we finally got  served.   Not the first time with poor service.
Honestly, the only thing good about this restaurant is that it is in the neighborhood and we have very few restaurants to choose from in Moon Valley.  The food is just okay but the worst thing is the service.  We just waited 35 minutes for a bowl of soup, a salad and a kids meal of chicken fingers and french fries.  If we weren't so desperate for someplace to eat in this area, I would never go there!
My husband and I came here because we were missing the seafood back home. We knew it wouldn't be as fresh as Maine since it does have to be frozen for travel, but this was awful. The food actively smelled rancid and tasted rotten. I couldn't even eat part of my meal. My husband who will eat pretty much anything only ate about a quarter of his meal. The only reason they get two stars is because the waitstaff was very nice and professional.
Amazing view, affordable prices, delicious food, great staff. Perfect experience, I'll be going back every week for lunch.
Came here during lunch one day with a work friend. I pass by the shop every day on my way to work and finally decided to try it out. Let me start by saying I love Pho and will eat it every chance I get. Morning, Noon, and night so to find a place that is super close to my work is fantastic. I have to say the Pho at this location is GREAT. The broth is very flavorful, the portions are just right, it's fast, and reasonably priced! I might even dub this as my favorite Pho place yet!
Absolutely awful. So selection. Alot of poor attempts of American food and sushi is disgusting. Would never waste another $6 there.
If you need to come to this area, you are pretty limited in terms of hotels. You have this and the Hampton inn right across the way. I've stayed at many Sheratons and this is unlike any, but not in a good way. It's pretty dated and could use an overhaul. The staff is always very nice though and it's conveniently located by an Outback. There is also a restaurant in the hotel, but the hotel doesn't have 24 hour room service. During my last stay, the first room that I was given didn't have a working toilet, but the staff quickly moved my room to one that was fully functional. I'll stay here again if I need to come to the area, but I'm crossing my fingers hoping for some updates on the hotel before I return.
This is a great addition to the Charlotte donut scene. Yes, I know Duck's is a chain, but they are doing donuts right.These are cake donuts so don't expect a krispy kreme. I've been here twice now and happy every time. They have a simple concept and they don't try and be fancy. Pick your type of cake donuts and frosting and pick it up at the end of the bar. Simple and sweet. For 1.20, this is a great little treat! Also, if you heat up the donuts as the box recommends it's heavenly. The staff is friendly, the donuts are fresh and the line is quick. \nFor the price of Dunkin' I'll take Duck's any day.
I am completely heartbroken in every way. RED is now under new management and what a huge mistake this was!! This place will never make it! The new management completely changed the menu to no longer be a sushi bar but a Vietnamese restaurant. They took the bar out and put up this huge wall so you can no longer see any of the kitchen at all. The staff can hardly speak or understand English. They got our order wrong twice. We were the ONLY customers in the entire restaurant where as when this was the real "Red" it would always be busy. The menu has completely changed, all Vietnamese food, only a tiny section of sushi and the food is NOT the same. Something as simple as "RED's" amazing house salad with mixed greens is now iceberg lettuce. The ingredients are cheap and the service was terrible. My husband and I would come her 4-5 times a month for years and I would tell EVERYONE about how amazing RED is. Now... I'll never be back.. . Jason... If you're out there and you're reading this and you've opened a new restaurant... PLEASE tell me where it is. I'm so sad I can't take it.
I love a place where the owner participates actively in their business.  Chico is frequently working and you can tell takes a lot of pride in his work. The food is all great ranging from the cuban pulled pork to the burgers to the chicken fingers and assortment of fry like things. It's bar food but the meat comes from Jenny St. Market so its good quality! The weekend meat raffles are fun. The mixed drinks are great. The bar tenders make it a point to get to know their customers. They also participate in the bar league which offer 'safe rides' if you should happen to enjoy yourself too much to ensure you safely get home.
Show up at 10:20pm, All the staff gave an awkward glare as we stood in the door way waiting to be served a seat. "Oh we're closed" sign says 11:00pm. Other customers inside were eating, the staff looks like they were all set to leave at 11:01 PM sharp! Few staff had their jackets on, maybe they were leaving early banking on no one else would show up. I could see if we showed up 10 mins to close and be turned down. But 40 mins to go, that's sheer laziness. This place looked good, too bad. We went up to Thai Mango up the street. They served us no problem. Thai mangos beer taps and glasses are clean and fresh. Filtered water. Nice decor. Clean and fresh. Tasty food. Too bad playa cabana couldn't take care of us. Boo!
It is Sunday at noon and is Mother's Day.  When first stepped into the restaurant, it does not have too many people.  But not an hour later it is filled and packed.  \n\nThe service is all you can say like a fast food restaurant.  The server expects you to know what to order if it is your turn.  Be quick and precise, not to hesitate.  \n\nThe food though maintains its standard.  Each of the different dishes that our group has tried has a good comment.  The club sandwich is large and thick, enough to fill up any person together with fries.  The ox tail rice unexpectedly the ox tail is cut into very thick pieces so it looks piling up on the rice.  The ox tail is very well cooked and tender but the tip you can still taste a bit of the raw tail - can be done better.  The chicken comes with a salad and rice and the portion is large.  The Borsch is tasty and a bit too much tomato paste.  Most of the sauces are really thick and can fill your stomach really fast.\n\nThe lunch serving is very slow, may be due to the number of customers.
Hotel is nice and clean but they do not accommodate requests like Microwave in the room even if you are a regular visitor. I stay here almost every week for work related reasons and yet I have to go down to the lobby to use Microwave.
My Original 3.5 Star review is below - but it is high time I revised.  My husband, yep no longer the BF he was below, and I are at Playa fairly regularly after buying a house up the street.  I have found my love for it and never had a negative experience since our first visit.  Food remains excellent, crowd fun and we always sneak a seat at the bar rather than deal with the clunky tables.  My new go to orders are the Salad with Pork - Yum and the Michilatas(Sp) - also never miss the Guac and the Spicy Mole...go and enjoy and Yeah Playa for being such a great place in our hood.\n\n\nOLD REVIEW....for context\nI am breaking with the crowd a bit - but bear with me.  This is a 3.5 (a strong one...and worth trying...but still not top rated)\n\nFood is really good, really fresh and authentic.  Definitely a step up from the Mexican places in T.O. that I have tried in the past.  I loved the guacamole and the spicy chicken mole was unbelievable.  We waited a few weeks to get a dinner reservation and in the end decided to try for brunch instead.  I would love to go back for dinner, but they do book in advance.  And we are fun and all, but don't normally have margaritas at brunch, so will have to take the word of other reviews about how amazing they are. \n\nThe crowd was neighbourhood and foodie visitors to the neighbourhood - nice and friendly vibe - crammed in like sardines so that helps!\n\nSo why 3.5?\n1. the space is awkward / tables are too big and place does not seem that clean to me.  They could fit way more people in if they changed the entry and got better tables...\n2. there was grit in our fish taco, so much that my bf thought he had broken his tooth\n3. Our service was VERY SLOW - not cool for brunch!\n\nWe will be back, because I need to try the Margarita and I am a guac addict...and we live a few blocks away...
Panagio's Breakfast & Lunch is a new franchise restaurant currently have 2 locations in GTA.\n\nOne can get quite confused with all these breakfast/brunch places which all have similar setup and menu: Cora's, Sunset Grill, Egg Smart just to name a few.\n\nThis location used to be a Baker Dozen's and Panagio's did a good job in remodelling, the layout is really similar and I got confused for a split second thinking it is a self served place.\n\nWith the East facing windows, Panagio's is a great place for that early breakfast with the bright sunlight beaming through.\n\n3 Eggs any Styles ($4.99) was served in a reasonably amount of time.... not everyone is that lucky to have a hour for breakfast. The potatoes though plenty were a little over seasoned.\n\nWait staffs were friendly and checked on me frequently to see if I need refill for my coffee (bottomless $1.99).
Ordered a pepperoni and a meathead pizza. Server Sahara was awesome and very attentive. Food was average and as expected.  Great place for the kids to play and have fun when it gets hot out. Better than chuck e cheese by far. One draw back is that there are quite a few games that aren't working which is a bummer when it's the only one but there were several others that were playable.
Best burger place around, and you can get a great micro brew with it, doesn't get any better than Charr
Akron is not a place known for having many restaurants with scantily-clad women serving as waitresses, such as a Hooters.  Such overt sexism is normally reserved for the strip clubs.  Last year, a growing chain named the Brick House opened up what is most like an upscale Hooters on Howe Ave. in the Falls, just a few hundred feet northwest of Chapel Hill Mall.  In day 4 of the Alcoholocaust (what I'm calling my last week in Akron), a friend and I went to visit this place to watch the Tribe game and get drunk.\n\nThis is a man's place.  If you are a woman, there's a good chance you won't enjoy being here - especially like the guys do.  We came into the place to see girls ranked anywhere from 4-8 on a 1-10 scale dressed in short shorts and shirts exposing part of their stomachs.  My friend and I would intentionally order beers from the lower racks just to see them bend over, but they are only dressing that way to tease you.  They aren't supposed to bend over completely, which is a let down for a lot of guys (I'm here for the game and beer, so it wasn't a biggie).  They have a large number of TVs within the place, as well as a lounge area for the guys to just chillax.  And, of course, there's the average-to-hot waitresses to socialize with.\n\nThe first thing we noticed (other than the girls) was how much money was shelled into the layout.  The bar had a fireplace, an expensive paint job, upscale lighting, and an all-wooden patio.  No other place would throw in $1 million to make a dining and/or drinking experience this nice.  The next thing we noticed was the beer selection.  The beer selection is impressive for a chain.  They have the shitty domestic beers, but then you work your way up to microbrews such as Thirsty Dog, Hop Devil, and Pilsner Urquell.  They also have an average menu serving food of average quality.  We ordered some wings that were dipped in 4 different sauces and served with celery.  The wings were acceptable, but it was really obvious that they were frozen at one point; they had that formaldehyde-ish taste that Wing Street and The Lube have.  Everything here is quite overpriced, despite the better-than-average selection.  The average price for a beer was $4.50, while the average price for a shot was well over $7.\n\nAt the end of the night, the Tribe blew a 3-0 lead thanks to the wonderfully predictable pitching of Joe Smith, and we were hammered.  I was even talking about how much I love Yelping (which I never talk about with non-Yelp friends unless they ask).  While I has happy with the girls and the selection, a $20 tab for a Washington Apple, a Hop Devil, a PBR, and wings might be a few bucks more than at other bars I can be found at in Akron.  If you are into an upscale drinking experience and are fine with restaurants that exploit the female body such as this, then this is the place for you.  If not, you are better off staying home.
Saw a Groupon special for these guys. 20 bucks for an all day play card plus a 10 dollar gift card. I immediately grabbed 2 of them for my 2 boys ages 13 and 10. Thought it was an awesome deal until we showed up on a saturday. Yes I can understand that it was gonna be busy because of the fact that it was a saturday but that's not my gripe.\n\nMy gripe is that a lot of the games were not working. I would say about 40 percent were out of order. Even some of the newer games like the tank one my youngest noticed you can only go forward and cannot reverse so he was stuck behind a wall the whole game not able to do anything but get shot at. Another gripe is that other parents had the same idea so of course my kids had to wait for their kids to get off a game once they ran out of lives but in most cases, they would just keep swiping their card basically just hogging the game the whole time. There should be some kind of limit on how many times you can continue on an all day play pass for they can literally stay on a game the whole day which is rude in my opinion.\n\nI also understand that since we had the unlimited play card it wouldnt generate any game tickets for obvious reasons. This did not bother me at all. Again, since some of the games were out of order, the kids tried to make the most of it. Even the standard interactive games like the basketball shot one only 4 out of the 6 was working but technically only 2 was worthy of playing due to those having a decent amount of balls to play with while the others had only 2 or 3. Looking around I saw some of the balls were stuck on top of the actual arcade. \n\nAfter about 90 minutes of playing the same games over and over again my kids were bored already to the point they just wanted to go home. Memo to the Gameworks staff. Dont you guys have some kind of technician that is on the clock repairing those games that are broke? At least a person that can keep the basketballs in order on the basketball arcade?\n\nI am so disappointed from our visit that I dont see any reason to come back here. You guys should change your name to "Gameswork". Because after coming here I am left scratching my head thinking do any of the "Games Work?"\n\nYelp 2015 Review #36 "Gameworks?.........Sometimes."\n535 overall
Located inside the Phoenix art museum.  Weird. Lolz but we went anyways. I ordered the bean hummus, oh my lanta, it was delicious.  My sister and I killed it. :) I loved my portobello melt sammich. It was so good. But not too much of the quinoa on the side. :/ it taste so bland and watery..\n\nOur waiter was a little slow on our refills, but other than that. It was very good. I'll be back :)
Pho Linh is a family owned restaurant and a staple Vietnamese restaurant in the neighbourhood which my boyfriend grew up eating. We came here for breakfast (so Asian of us, I know but you can never go wrong with a bowl of pho no matter what time of the day it is). We both got a bowl of pho and their infamous bahn cuon to share. Even though they just opened, everything was top notch. The food came out quickly and was piping hot. Love the soup here, and they don't skimp on the meats! The bahn cuon was so fresh and delicious; perfectly rolled. Owners are so friendly. Despite the bland exterior of the restaurant, this gem is worth visiting again and again.
Had lunch here today. First time. Pretty darn good. Large selection of the usual buffet items. All seemed fresh. Nothing looked like it had been sitting there long. Enjoyed it and will come back.
Discovered this awesome, delicious neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant when my brother was in town and was craving Pho.  \n\nPrices are inexpensive, the Pho and Bahn Mi sandwiches are delicious.  Really enjoyed my barbecue pork bahn mi and at $3.5 who can complain about the price.\n\nWill definitely be coming back!!
I love me some Taco Bell... But this place is one that stands out. I don't know if it's just good management or ownership but this is one of the friendliest and most efficient Taco Bell's, scratch that... Fast food restaurants, that I've ever been to. They are noticeably more friendly, it's like I'm going to a Chick-fil-A :-)\n\nI just wanted to give you kudos to the staff at this Taco Bell. Keep up the good work!
Best doughnuts in Charlotte!! But true coffee enthusiast will hate the coffee... The best thing to order is the beach bum. Basically glazed dipped in more sugar! Also the people are very nice. I would highly recommend them!
This place has never ever disappointed me. Every time we have visitors from out of town, it's dimsum time! The place is clean, the staff are nice, the atmosphere is great, and the food is consistently delicious. When my friends and I eat here, we usually spend $15 each and we leave stuffed. Highly recommended dimsum experience!\n\nAnd make sure you check out the wall of fame in the lobby. Lots of important folks have eaten here. And honestly, I found out about this place from Olivia Chow's autobiography, so thank you Olivia!
One of the best pho restaurants in Toronto. Cheap, fast, tasty. Well worth it, and conveniently located on College so you can just take a streetcar across.\n\nThe service is not amazing (hello? It's under $10), but the food is good and that's all I care about.\n\nUpdate: I downgraded it to 4 stars because I recently visited and they were stingy on the beef, it was overcooked and while the shakes were delicious and the broth was still flavourful, I found a better place:\n\nTien Thanh @ 57 Ossington\n\nThe beef is out of this world, and the broth is so flavourful it makes me cry tears of pho.
Now I am not a coffee drinker nor am I a neo-beatnik, but I do stop in here from time to time to get a dessert if Deli On Butler Street is out of sweets. I usually get one of their brownies which are as big as floor tiles or one of their pancake-sized chocolate chip cookies.  Each is a fine, fine, soft, chewy confection that will turn heads and invite stares. It's the pastry as conversation piece. Ingenious.\n\n"Where'd you get dat big ass cookie, man?"\n\nIt always feels a little weird when I walk in here, however, as if I'm a vagrant that stumbled into a library. Aside from hearing WYEP or NPR on the radio, it's shockingly quiet. None of the customers smile. It appears that they're all trying to impress each other with what they're...reading? You know these people live for "Missed Connections" on craigslist. \n\nUh-oh. Let's hope someone didn't write about me. Nah. I don't stay long enough. I'm always in and out like a burglar.
China Buffett offers a nice selection of Asian and americanized cuisine.  The sushi was fresh and creatively presented.  The buffet was well maintained and constantly replenished.  Loved the salt and pepper blue crab  and prawn.  They also offer hibachi grill, which is included in the price of the buffet.\n\nThe decor is very upscale for a buffet and the staff very friendly and attentive. \n\nI would definitely return for another meal.
i love this place. the servers are really polite and they spoke english! the service is top notch i think, which is just the icing on the cake here. the food is really solid. the SO and i probably come here on a monthly basis, and it's out go to viet place. the broth here is so delicious. i normally add all the fixins at the table,  hot sauce and hoisin to my broth, but here i can add the basil/mint, and a chili pepper and i'm good to go. it's a very clean tasting, complex broth. the drinks here are also very good: avacado shake is really good. we also get #12, which is a dish that i just started to eat since i discovered this place, despite me eating viet food for most of my life.  i'm so happy other yelpers have pointed it out. my SO gets the vermacelli and he likes it a lot, they had no issues subbing out the pork for chicken either. deep fried spring rolls are pretty good, but not my absolute favorite, they arrive at the table a bit too burnt and greasy for me, but they still taste good.
Huge buffet great selection, they do a lot of volume so turnover is high and food stays fresh.  Could have better sushi selection.  Mongolian grill also to get a custom plate.  For a buffet, it's excellent.
definitley one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. Tandoori Times never disappoints. Their naan bread is excellent. Any dish I have ordered has always been delicious. \nTandoori Times is good for a romantic dinner or a casual get together with friends or family.
i have been many buffets different states . cuz i am driving a lot  and i like to eat good food . \nwhat can i say about this buffet ? its a little expensive then others . we paid 13$each except drinks .but the food is really good . so i don't regret . i think this is the best buffet i ever been . we had good time here . so clean inside !!!  customer service is good . the asian guy who served us was very polite. 5 star for this buffet . highly recommending .
Place is so freaking good! Reminds me of going to places in cali they even have bahn mi sandwiches mmmm
Simply a great place to visit. Donuts are made my order, and who doesn't love picking your own combination of toppings.  \nMy favorite as cliche as it may sound is the bacon and glazed, and also powered donut with chocolate. Prizes are still the same as your regular donut shops as crazy as it sounds. \nOne thing in which I recommend is for the workers to be more welcoming and also help one out with suggestions, they just stared at me as I explained to them it was my first time and wasn't sure what would go well together, I was still happy with the donuts I create
Slooooooow Service.  My wife and I have been going to Tandoori Times Bistro in Scottsdale for many years, from when they first opened in Old Town Scottsdale.  We have enjoyed the food but on the last 2 visits the service was extremely slow.  Last time we thought maybe they are having a bad day, or short staffed or whatever.  Went today, August 5th for dinner.  Got there at 7pm, the place was not busy, only 4 or 5 tables were occupied.  We were seated right away and the excruciating wait started.  Our beer order took over 10 minutes to come, our appetizer order took another 20 minutes.  We placed our dinner order right away when the appetizers were served in order to minimize the wait but still ended waiting about 30 minutes after we finished our appetizers. We got there at 7pm and it nearly 9pm by the time we were able to leave.  Not going back till service improves.  They had a nice thing going; sad to see it going down the tube.\n\nResponse to Sunny.\nOur server was a male server. He was very pleasant but very slow.  May need some additional training.  Thank you.
My grilled portobella sandwich was not special. One half of sandwich had no red peppers and where was the focaccia bread. It looked and tasted like a regular roll. French fries were tasty, but were lukewarm and consisted of short pieces like the remnants of an order. My fellow diners were happy with their dishes but I was not.
Great little place, came here on a Sunday afternoon.  Not a lot of seating.  Started with a bottle of Sol, my friend had a margarita, which she said was excellent.  Nachos and salsa for starters, both made on site and both excellent.  I had chicken enchiladas, with black bean curd and rice, my friend had Octopus tacos (yep!).  Both were excellent.  Highly recommend this place, only drawback is lack of seating, which makes coming here on the fly a bit risky.
Food was excellent - but first time I made a reservation 3 weeks ahead of time (only spot I could get) and then the day of the place called and left a message canceling my reservation without any explanation! Wow - OK - made another reso because I kept hearing how wonderful this place was. Yes, the food is to die for but very messy (the shrimp is unreal but insanely messy - don't wear anything nice. The service horrible, you can't actually enjoy the food because they are so hustling you throughout so they can seat others.
My family and I always come here for their cakes whenever it's a special occasion (birthday, Mother's day, Father's day etc.). The 8" cake is $32 and the 6" is around $22-$24. They have a large selection of cakes ranging from Tiramisu, Cheesecakes, Meringues, Fruit Cakes to Strawberry Shortcakes! Usually we get their green tea or New York Cheesecakes, and you can never go wrong with them, the Cheesecakes are always delicious and never too heavy.\n\nOn our latest visit to this location, my family really wanted to the 8" mango meringue cake but unfortunately we didn't pre order it, so the one on display had been served to customers by the piece. Thankfully, there was also a strawberry meringue that was being served by the piece too and the owner was nice enough to combine what was left of the two into one whole cake! The meringue was amazing, I don't think there's anywhere else where you can get a meringue of this quality, it was nice and fluffy as well as very flavourful. This is a great cake place!
Finally got a good spot for tacos in the east side!!! Yeah! Pretty self-explanatory menus. There's a "build your own taco" menu where you have your choice of tortillas, a long list of proteins, then toppings. The tacos are only $3 ea., but are pretty big and filling. 2 of these can make a meal. Then you have a pre-fixed list of tacos, in case your brain doesn't have the capacity to make delicious decisions late at night. They also have a weekend brunch menu. I tried the biscuits and gravy. I was skeptical at first... ordering B&G from a Mexican joint... but let me tell you, this ain't your Bob Evans B&G. Try homemade jalapeño cheddar biscuits, chorizo gravy, cilantro, topped with a fried egg. Wow!! Talk about flavor explosion!! We also tried the French toast bowl. A pleasant surprise that it came out more as bread pudding, topped with bananas. It was our dessert! Overall, awesome experience. You can easily fill up for less than $10 per person. Will definitely be back!
First time there and it was good. Prices are alittle pricey but food was good. We would return when we are back in that area..
The Guaca Feaca- The best spicy guacamole I've ever had! \n\nTacos de Pollo Al Carbon -  Not on my A - List. I sent this back because it had little to no taste. The mango in top didn't help much. \n\nCrispy Chicken Tinga Tacos - Delicious if you love chicken! \n\nTaco De Pescado - Delicious fish tacos!
This place rocks especially since the new owner Chico took over a couple of months ago. Small neighborhood bar where everyone knows your name! You've got to try Chico's new menu - awesome Fish Fry and Shrimp Dinnesr and the Cuban Sandwich's at lunch is to die for! Don't for get his homemade chips with a Zesty Chipotle Ranch Sauce which is good with just about anything!
This is where everyone in my family has been going for Vietnamese food outside of home. I have been eating at this restaurant for 10+ years, personally my favourite by far. If you plan a visit Fri-Sun highly recommend #11 Bun Bo Hue (spicy)
A Sunday visit to Olive Garden's unlimited soup and salad combo made for a tasty satisfying meal.  The addition of crab stuffed mushrooms hit the spot too.  Pasta fagioli soup was very good.  We liked the extra peppercinis added to our salad.\n\nService was excellent!  Teaming by a couple of servers meant that all of our needs/refills were anticipated or handled right away.  Refills for more iced tea, breadsticks, soup and salad were speedy.  The server even gave us an iced tea to go - a plus!\n\nFor my next visit I like that I can pretty much expect the same good  food.  Olive Gardens food is consistently good.  Of course I'll be back!
Another disappointment from Aiellos owned businesses. From their original restaurant to their current pjzza place, Italian restaurant and now Charr. I'm done with this business, just sad. Burger was ordered rare and came out a heavy medium, gave them a second chance and it came out raw. A burger place should at least be able to make a burger. Their onion rings were good but that's all I can say. My son begrudgingly ate his Grilled cheese, I tried it and it was dry and lacking flavor. A tip for charrs, don't melt cheese on focaccia bread open faced then stick the pieces together and think you made grilled cheese, there's more to it than that.  Lazy kitchen and generally underwhelming food.
I've been waiting for this location to open for a while! So happy it finally opened. Great location. Nice space. Will be coming here often. Much bigger than all the other locations. I had their brunch tacos for the first time and they were so good! Highly recommend for all meals!
gotta drop them down a star. went last friday, and it was so disappointing. I went with the pho, and it was all off. meat wasn't lean, and was mostly fat, and then there was very little noodles. I come here twice a month, and this was the first time I was very disappointed. If this becomes the new standard, i won't be back.
Went to Charr's last night for restaurant week. It was busy, good Saturday night vibe. Owner (Joe) was circulating and jovial. Though they are on the pricey side on their regular menu, the restaurant week deal was generous. A large and very strong cocktail, the Charrismo (their take on a cosmopolitan). Quite good. Appetizers, I had crab cakes, GF had wings after asking to make sure they weren't too spicy. They were about a 5 on a scale of 10 spiciness, too much for her. Waitress offered to exchange 'em, but we simply swapped. I thought they were great. Fries with orders, I had salmon burger (great), GF had Portobello Burger (phenomenal). I had a beer flight, she had a glass of Chardonnay. Then we still had desserts, but were full so we'll get to those tonight. Really a great deal for 30 bucks per. I'll be back, probably for Happy Hour because they are a bit pricey on the regular menu.....
Oh my goodness!!! I am specifically reviewing the truck. We had one visit us at work, courtesy of or very kind owner. The menu was limited but amazing. The offered the soft tacos with chorizo, chicken or black beans. I had a black bean and chicken. I liked both very much. I think the black bean was my favorite. Mild, filled with great flavors, it was a real winner. \nThe chips and guacamole were great, but a little on the salty side. I prefer my guac with a good lime punch, but this was very good. \nThe gents running the truck today were gracious and friendly and probably in shock that a large group of mostly women could pound down so many tacos! \nBravo Barrio! I can't wait to visit the new location on Fairmount.
This place is next-door to our hotel - and since our hotel doesn't include breakfast and we slept late today, we ate lunch (brunch) at China Buffet.  We're incredulous about the negative reviews, since our experience was quite the opposite.  Firstly, everything was very clean and the food was quite fresh.  Secondly, the selection of food was *terrific*; really impressive when compared to other Chinese buffets - and it included a big variety of sushi, too.  Thirdly; everyone working there was *very* pleasant, plus our server (i.e., he brought & refilled our water glasses and he cleared our plates between visits to the buffet) was *very* attentive.  In addition, the interior of the restaurant is very attractive and spacious.\n\n(Update on 4/14/14):  We also ate lunch (brunch) there today and it was another very positive experience.  The cost is much less on weekdays ($8.99 vs. $12.99, although even $12.99 is a bargain for the amount of delicious food).  The hostess recognized us, and she & our server were very sweet.
i've eaten here for years, everything vietnamese on their menu is bang on \nportions are good, service is good this place has character people of all color and all walks of life come here\n\n5/5 stars
great pho\n\ngreat pho\n\nand great pho\n\n4/5 stars cause i havent eaten anything else beside pho here
Took my daughter there today as it was my birthday and you get a free medium sub. One word. WOW. That was probable one of the best meals I have had in a while, and the best sub I've had since we moved here 10 years ago. \n  Also met the owner who was very pleasant and the entire place was VERY clean, a nice change from some other establishments who don't seem to care.\n  I will definetly come again and recommend to my friends.
Very poor service on a busy Sunday afternoon. \n\nOur waiter did not write down our selections and tried to keep it all in his mind. (9 people). He mixed up our orders and forgot one dish. He came back and said I have 3 dish 'a'. 2 dish 'b' etc. But as we didn't know what each other ordered, We had to talk amonsgt ourselves to find what he missed. \n\nA problem that could have been solved if he just wrote down our orders!!\n\nAll our meals came with a choce of soup. A choice that was denied to us. He just came out and brought some soups until someone from our group said 'so we don't get a choice?'. Only then did he say 'oh ya, you can also have the borsht if you want.'\n\nThe cream of asparagus soup was a bit thick and clearly sat out and was reheated (thick soup skin). \n\nBread was cold too.   \n\nFettuccine bolognese was good looking; slightly oversauced. but again bad service ensued when he just shoved a fork into my plate. No 'excuse me'. Not putting it to the side. \n\nAnother consequence of bad order taking is the wrong dishes were delivered to the wrong people.\n\nOther mains are pork chop, beef brisket, florentine. All were average.\n\nWe had all finished and after a while we had to ask for our drinks. Another mark of poor service. No water refills at all. \n\nService 0/5\nValue for money 3/5\nOverall sarisfaction after meal 3/5
Overpriced, horrible service, cold food. I will probably never return. \n\nCame as part of a large party. \n Ordered an array of food and only the lobster pizza was passable. Even though it was cold. \n\nSteak was overcooked. \nWe had demonstrated that we didn't know much about wine and we discovered our waiter gave us a wine that wasn't even listed on their wine list. . \nA chicken pizza came WITHOUT chicken on it. \nWine was never repoured. Water, only when asked. \n\nFLIES!\nA waiter that addressed us as "buddy", reached over people too often to save himself from walking. \n\nHe gave us a birthday canoli, even we had brought our own cake. And he brought them out separately. \n\nNo offer of dessert, coffee or tea. And no refills of water after the tables were cleared. \n\nPleasantly surprised that our party was not charged a service charge. \n\nValue: 0/5\nTaste:  0-2/5\nsatisfaction upon leaving: 1/5
Just here yesterday, nothing but praise for excellent food at a great price! Portions are above average, and the best smoked meat and ham combination I have ever had.
Best flavor chili chicken wings when not overcooked. Delicious with ranch. I keep going back just for these! Could do with providing finger tip bowls or wipes though, the sauce gets all over your face. Yummy!
I absolutely love this restaurant.  Here are my top ten reasons why.\n\n1. The half portions, are half the price, but are still a full meal. \n2. The staff are wonderful.\n3. They have a sushi chef. I LOVE sushi!\n4. The meat is grilled over a bed of real charcoal!\n5. You can order from the bar menu in the main dinning room. \n6. You can see downtown Charlotte out the window (in the distance, Charlotte is twenty miles away).\n7. That cook who wears the hospital pants cooks the most amazing steak. \n8. Great local beer is always on tap.\n9. The drink specials are fantastic.\n10. The restaurant always fills up, but I've never waited for a table!\n\nI highly recommend this place for anyone that lives in Tega Cay.
Man o man. This place is on fire  best Italian food in Nevada. Must come and try. Friendly staff great food.
Good variety of subs/ ingredients. Good location. I loved the little area towards the front w/ the pub tables. They have one of those crazy, newfangled Coke machines w/ 100+ flavor options too.\n\nMy Italian sub was good. Basic, but good. Service was quick, staff was nice.\n\nWe'll likely be back if were in the area again.
Meh. Typical breakfast joint - nothing special from food, atmosphere or service.\nI've seen this place change numerous times over the years and it's not necessarily because the food/service is poor, it's also the location. There's nothing around there - even the Staples closed ages ago.\nWould not come back.
Went here for lunch when I first moved to the area.  Will agree with some of the previous reviewers to say service was slow but not anything painful.  It was just a laid back type slow, but I could see how it would get on people's nerves.  Overall both me and my moms hamburgers were good quality cooked correctly and had interesting topics.  Their fries are great!! This is trying to have a more gourmet type feel for the area and maybe people are not prepared for it.  I liked it and the atmosphere is funky.  Would definately take friends and family back.
If you have time... Save your self the waste of money and Go to the one on 24th street and Baseline. This one is horrible... the fries flavorless and stale, I ordered grilled chicken on my sandwich it was burned and it tasted bitter, the tomatoes were small and looked old like they had been sitting for a while. Don't waste your money!
Awesome place. Great environment, featuring multiple fireplaces. Good service. I had the duck wings and filet mignon salad. The food arrived in under 20 minutes, and was very tasty. Duck wings were awesome. I'll be going back soon!
Went for lunch there were 2 other parties there it took over 20 minutes to get 2 subs. The guys making the food were obviously taking their sweet time but I was in a hurry and they just didn't seem to care. Other staff kept walking in and they would stop everything to conversate with them about who knows what. The Veggie sandwhich I got leaked sauce all over my other sub causing the bread to be gross. I won't be back.
After my horrendous experience with Niro's I was optimistic that Zorba's might have a better gyro.\n\nThe store is right on Green street and impossible to miss walking by. Inside is pretty cool, open style kitchen and lots of indoor seating. The menu is on the counter where you order, which could be problematic if you are like me and take 5 minutes to look at a menu and there are people behind you!\n\nI decided on a 4oz gyro and mac and cheese bites. My name was taken and I was called when it was ready. Interestingly enough, you also pay right when your food is ready, which was different, but I liked it!\n\nI dashed home and unwrapped everything, anxious to try it. My gyro was actually pretty small and almost resembled a taco in size and shape. I did think that this gyro was really on point though. The meat was thicker, flavorful, not too greasy and of a good consistency. The tzatziki was really good, too! Kind of creamy but not too yogurt-y or watered down like some places. The mac and cheese bites were also surprisingly good. Usually these are just dry pieces of mush but on the inside they were warm, gooey and tasty! \n\nOverall I would definitely say the Zorba's has the best gyro in the CU area, but I still need to try more places.\n\nThe only thing I did not like was the portion/price. My gyro was not very big, I probably could have ate 2-3 of them. However, quality over quantity any day of the week and this was one tasty gyro that would really give my suburban favorites a run for their money.\n\nI'll be back to try more!
I have to say Pho Linh's bánh cun (rice roll) is the best I have eaten for years!! Sorry, Dad... even yours were not as good!\n\nBánh cun is not easy to find up in Scarborough or Markham.. even if they have that on the menu, it would be something they offers only on the weekend.\n\nI ordered a LARGE with minced pork and mushroom ($6.50).. and ate it all by myself... and have no regrets... and I want to come back for more!! I love how they were all rolled up in small bite size and I can just dipped them in the fish sauce and eat those in one bite!\n\nThe Spring rolls ($1.50) was A-OK too...stuffed with yam and came with a big leaf lettuce for me to wrap it in... \n\nPho Linh is as authentic Vietnamese as one expected...and I need to be back for the bánh cun or even to try out their bánh bèo!!
I left my iPhone here and one of the guys there stole it literally! I went there to collect and they denied it, i sat there from noon till 4pm till that person who served my table arrived and after too much struggle he accepted and gave me my phone. He was lucky I did not hand him to the cops. Never ever go there again, totally untrusted staff.
Amy, our server was very attentive and pleasant.\nShe was wearing this pretty blouse and I asked about it,\nand she told me the owner's mother sells them on Fridays (?).\nDef going to check that out next time. I really hope they have itty bitty sizes for me.\n\nFood:\nNan was overcooked, the bottom side was burnt.\n\nChicken Tikka Masala: seasoning, texture, and consistency of the dish was excellent. \nChicken was just a tad try but overall, great flavor.\nWould be more awesome if they sliced up the chicken into smaller cubes to give flavor consistency.\nRecommended esp for ppl who don't like spicy. Its very "umami" : )\nI enjoy the creamy touch this place gives to it, shich distinguishes this place from other places.\n\nSeasoned rice: came out warm, cooked just right\n\nSamosas Choley: Non-spicy dish.\n I eat it with the red sauce (spicy) to add a lili kick.\nThe exterior was fried crispy just right, and the mashed potato inside were soft and warm. \nBeans were very well seasoned and cooked, could tell they put time into it.\n\nMethi Chicken: I tried this dish for the first time and I must admit I like it quite a bit.\nOrdered spicy. Have water prepared! (Amy was diligent w/ H20)\n\nI wish I could go to this place every day if I could afford to!
Great shrimp and strong drinks. Priced reasonably and tucked away quietly in Tega Cay.
WE WILL NEVER GO BACK! Went last night, ordered Pacrim Maki & Out of Control for me, Spring Rolls & Tofu Vegetables w Garlic Sauce for wife (takeout bill= $43). We received TWO 1/2 SIZED ROLLS WITH VERY LITTLE FISH IN THEM, no exaggeration, and the Tofu Veggies had oyster sauce on them.  I called to let their management know their QC was going downhill, but he actually started arguing with me saying he did not believe me AND WANTED ME TO TAKE A PICTURE TO PROVE IT!  I've been eating sushi for 30 years and believe this is enough experience to know whats good/bad.  This is bad!
Great taste and good price , i like the house special vermicelli in soup. Other items are good too. Cheap and tasty.
Went in with my husband for a quick date night, everything was just kind of okay... until I got the key lime pie for desert... it was hot on the outside and frozen in the center.  Our waiter came back and asked how everything was and I told him the texture and temperature of my key lime pie was unsatisfactory to which he replied "oh yeah, they're frozen, they put them in the microwave to defrost sometimes " I paid full price for my meal with an inedible desert. I'm appalled at the way your wait staff just brush off microwaving food, if I wanted to eat a  microwaved key lime pie, I sure as heck wouldn't be at a red lobster trying to have dinner with my husband. It's a shame. I haven't eaten at a red lobster since approximately 2009 and had a terrible experience then, I hoped they would've changed. Apparently not.
Went there for a drink, amazing ambience in a very cute neighbourhood. You must try the guacamole!!!\nOnly downside is that it's very small, so you may have to wait for a table.
I'm usually impartial to chains but this place is sweet. The staff is extremely helpful and nice. Food is good--chicken fettuccine alfredo=ballin. Great pasta in general. They even gave us a fresh basket of bread to pack up and take home with us.
I was disappointed on my experience.  Great concepts but the burger had no seasoning, the bun was cold.  My wife asked for no sauce and the added sauce, but then only to take off the bacon and add cheese over the top of there mistakes.  They put cold onions and cold bacon back on my wife's burger...\nThe fried zucchini was not very good see photo.\nWe were disappointed
Tried for the first time this past Wednesday. I wanted to treat myself to their fried cauliflower. I placed my order for pick up. Staff and patrons were friendly. When I got home and opened the order they had given me chicken instead of cauliflower. I called back and they were more than happy to fix the issue. I went back and the remake was wonderful. Four out of five because we didn't get it first time, but immediately and properly fixed the situation.
Wow how this place has gone downhill. Ate from here yesterday, our food was to go. The employees all look like they woke up 10 minutes prior and the lack of consistency with getting a pickle for not just one sandwich but both sandwiches paid for. I'll never eat here again just because the sandwich did not sit right.
Delicious burgers, soup, fries,  and flat-bread caprese!  I expected the bun to be more like the garlic knots but it had no special taste, just a different shape.  The service was a little slow, most noticeable when a table of 5 people that arrived 5-7 minutes after us were served 5 minutes before we were.
Good food! Believe one of the best Indian food in Phoenix area. I had dinner many times here, tandoori chicken and fish is awesome.
Things I noticed about this restaurant:\n\n-It was FREEZING inside, wore my sweater and jacket for most of the meal, girl across from me had her scarf and large sweater on for the whole meal. \n\n-Noticed that you picked the cheese off my vegan meal..... There was still cheese on it. Thanks. Even heard you arguing with the chef about it. \n\n-Noticed you served the people next to us who arrived ten minutes later, first with their appetizer and main meal. Awesome.\n\n-Noticed our meal took an hour to get to us. \n\n-Noticed your inherent lack of enthusiasm, also knowing when you messed up several parts to our order and stopped coming to our table or even making eye contact with us, even though we were pretty damn nice. \n\n-Noticed you randomly added a three dollar salad to our meal even though I never asked for it. \n\n-Portions were small and food was pretty good, but the rest made for a frustrating unenjoyable visit. \n\nNext time when you mess up so badly, acknowledge and apologize.
My go-to favourite brunch/breakie place in Scarborough. I like the service and the food is really good and the portions are worth the price. I am a fan of their bennys and they don't cheap out on the ingredients. They're sure to make your tummy happy. If you are sick of the same ol franchises that are in Scarborough then I would definitely give this place a try.
Woah, this is some tasty stuff and huge portions for the adults! It is pricey but that is to be expected.  Wish the sides for the kids were a little bigger but other than that, I wouldn't change anything. This place was very clean, and ran like a well oiled machine. I wish you could just come here to dine without admission!
Food was excellent. We had the Crazy Shrimp roll, veggie & shrimp tempura appetizer, and a few other things. Took our mother-in-law (a sushi rookie) and she loved it too. Worth a visit.
Just No. Hailing from San Antone, this must be a local joke, right? Cold, bland Tacos? Tortillas straight out of the local supermarket? Only in Cleveland could you get away with this...AND in more than one location! Haha!!Taco Cabana is better than this, and if you're from Texas you'll understand what that means. If the food had been even lukewarm, or the order correct, it may have been a 2 star review.
As I continue to try all of the pizza places in Squirrel Hill, I finally tested out Napoli this week.  The staff was super nice when I walked in the door, and there were plenty of different slice toppings to choose from.\n\nI ordered a slice of cheese and a slice of white with tomatoes and spinach ($4.39 w tax).  The cheese slice was quite good, with plenty of yummy cheese.  The crust was an average thickness, but this is not a floppy slice of pizza.  It was really easy to eat with my hands.  I didn't care for the white slice, as I like more garlic and found their to be too much oil.  That is a personal preference, though.\n\nWhile they do deliver, the owners were saying that it is really hard to keep up with all the business they get.  But they do deliver beer, which probably is fairly popular.\n\nAll in all, a good slice of pizza.
Big problem. I've cooked Ohio City ramen a thousand times. They claim to use Ohio City ramen. What they sent out was a watered down broth with SPAGHETTI in it. \nWhen we asked the bartender about it, she tried to tell us it was Ohio City ramen. It was most certainly not.\nIf they ran out and had to make due with spaghetti, I get it. It sucks, but I get it. What I don't get, is that they tried to lie to me about it. \nI'm angry now. Headed to a restaurant that serves actual ramen.
So going to have to side with the majority of ratings now and give only 2 stars. I was definitely expecting more since it moved from the MGM location to Town Square. I personally think the old location had more to offer and that this one needs more "punch" to really get people in. There was not enough newer games out on the floor and I can see that they are trying to copy Dave & Busters theme. A lot of dated machines and maybe they can add some pool tables in the dining area to give other options. I left a little underwhelmed and hope they do more with the space.
I have no idea why other reviewers criticize baristas friendliness or niceness or "chit-chattiness?". Maybe the baristas are actually trying to do their job, serve customers and not chat all day?. Maybe some reviewers are not so much of "people persons?". I chatted with one barista for like 10 minutes on and off about random sh** while making sure not to disrupt other customers and orders flows. They are friendly and they brew fresh coffee. I'm not concerned about the food options here. This is a coffee shop and they use a good roast, medium and dark. I like their dark Colombian roast. All were nice. The place itself is spacious enough and perfect for some laptop work time. Comfy seats. While I'm a nerd on many subjects and lean left on many issues, I'm not a hipster. They don't bother me. I find the conversations amusing.
The food is wonderful!  I ate the egg fajita.  The chicken was well seasoned and the avocado was fresh and creamy!  The staff were also friendly and gave our table a complimentary basket of garlic Parmesan fries.  Yum!  I will definitely eat here again.
The Good:\n-Coke freestyle machine!  It's so fun to make my own drink.  My recent favorite is half Coke and half strawberry Sprite.\n-Good value:  $11.18 for a veggie burger combo (includes fries, unlimited freestyle soda, and tax)\n-Clever ketchup packaging allowing the flexibility to squeeze or dip\n-Clever burger packaging making it easy to eat while using the wrapper to hold the burger\n-There was seating available during rush hour\n-Halal certified meat\n-Add to your burger at no charge: Relish, Sliced Pickles, Jalapeno Peppers,Red Onion, Tomato, Lettuce, Ketchup, Mustard, Zucchini Relish,Hero Hot Sauce.\n-Variety of sauces to choose from: Creamy Honey Dijon, Hero Certified Sauce, \nMango Sauce, Maple Chipotle BBQ, Real Ancho Chipotle, Real Horseradish Dijon\n\nThe Bad:\n-The veggie burger (Soul Burger) was bland and disappointing.  Even with the Real Ancho Chipolte sauce, I didn't taste much.\n-The service was kinda slow as they only had one guy taking orders and they get pretty busy during lunch time.\n-The dining area was dirty and the garbage was overflowing.\n\nAll in all, I don't need a hero, at least not a vegetarian one.
First off, tacos were great! 3 tacos filled me up to the max. I love the salsa!! Had a chipotle smoke to it and it was delicious! \n\nHouse margaritas did the job just right.\n\nOur waitress was super busy and I totally understand her frustration...however I asked for 3 different tequilas to and they were out of all them.\n\nThis bothers me. Inform the wait staff, cross them off the list. Do something other than waste my time.
Great deal if........All the games worked also a lot of outdated older machines made it disappointed. \n\nNeed to step up game because food and games are better at Dave and Busters.\n\nSorry Gameworks but thought I should know
Was der Chef emphielt ist gut - Sonderwünsche sind kein Problem...Kein null-acht-fünfzehn-Italo!...Nichts für nur Bolognese-oder Pizzaesser. Man fühlt sich wunderbar aufgehoben und ist gerne bereit etwas mehr dafür zu zahlen.
I can't say enough about this place! SSSOOO delish! Tastiest broth ever, service above and beyond. Clean restaurant. Can't wait to come back!
The restaurant is definitely very similar to moxie and milestone, but prices, services and food are definitely better at moxie and milestone.  \nMy friend ordered a risotto and it was mushy and salty.  This has really disappointed me big time considering this is a higher end restaurant, my salad was not bad.  However what needs to draw attention here is the service.  The waitresses are all pretty looking but the service was hardly there and not to mention she became very rude towards the end of the service.  I definitely won't come back here again, and by looking at the reviews that other Hellers have been giving here, I doubt this place will survive for more than two years.  Honestly I would rather go to moxie or milestone for better service and food quality.
This is not the quality that I expected to come of GameWorks. \n*Purchased an all day pass that had errors reading the card so the card had to be replaced. \n*The advertised 24 hour unlimited play on Groupon card only works for 14 hours. \n*The staff was very young and inexperienced with customer service. \n*Beware that many games have malfunction issues. In the three occasions that I have gone to this GameWorks, multiple machines can be found with error messages.
I luckily work near by the phoenix museum, so decided to walk with a co-worker for lunch one day.  It's a nice short walk from our office and hte walk through the museum is a small treat.\n\nI wish I could write about more than just a bowl of soup, but it was a delicious bowl of soup at the very least.  I ordered the butternut squash bisque.  It was very tasty and enough to keep me satisfied for the rest of the day.\n\nOur server was very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was quite full for being a weekday at lunch.  \n\nI will be back.
Sucks! Seriously they take cc thru the drive thru but not inside! Wth!!! There is absolutely no logic in that so after I ordered and tried to pay I was refused (even though I go thru the drive thru all the time! So I pointed out there was no signs anywhere saying that and they still refused. So I took my crew down to the one on boulder highway (where we ordered the same thing and it was cheaper) and paid inside with a card!
The atmosphere is super lame and te servers are all super weird but the crazy sticks and pizza are good enough to make up for it. Oh and it's way overpriced. 4 Stars Hahahaha
This is a great restaurant with great food. I was suspicious at first because I came at five and no one was here but by six the place was packed. There is something for everyone here. Authentic dim sum, Peking duck, fish, lobster, etc. for those who want Americanized Chinese food they have that too. The prices are great. At first the service wasn't great but then we met Tommy. Tommy was an awesome waiter. Ask for Tommy.
Keine\nAhnung, wie die beiden schlechten Kritiken zum Messina zustande kommen konnten;\nwir hatten einen traumhaften Abend (auf der Terrasse) und haben italienische\nKüche vom Feinsten genossen. Schade, dass wir dieses Ristorante nicht schon\nfrüher entdeckt haben. Wir kommen auf jeden Fall wieder
Through the Pogo pass, we were only allowed to play the blue light arcade games,  which is totally fine,  didn't have a problem with that, except half of the arcade games were broken! Very disappointed.
Ai-yai-yai Ole ole (these are my tequila-fueled expressions of happiness)\n\nPlaya Cabana makes you feel like you're on vacation.  A vacation to the beach, via Dupont Street.\n\nWe boldly rolled up to Playa Cabana with no reservations.  Group of 4.  One of my friends had had dreams of tacos the previous night, so we were willing to wait it out to address her subconscious culinary cravings.  While kicking around the front patio (there's little room at the bar inside, and the front patio has yet to secure a liquor license, so it was a lot of sweating, foot shuffling, and debating how hot we'd want our guacamole as we stood around) we made friends with those waiting around us.  Consensus?  Playa Cabana is worth the wait.\n\nWhen we made it in (victorious!) we were led through the restaurant.  It's a tight space, and certainly not the most convenient flow.  Blame my overheated body, but A/C felt nonexistent.  Solution?  PITCHER OF MARGARITAS POR FAVOR (we opted for the tequila and orange mix).\n\nThe service was simultaneously frenetic and casual, which in a way really suited the place.  Our server was really friendly, smiled with a twinkle in his eye when we ordered the guacamole spicy (it lived up to its name) and was as attentive as he could be given the many tables and the extremely tight space (which really means, I guess: he wasn't easy to locate, but we were having so much fun that it didn't really matter).  \n\nFood-wise we tackled the (grilled) Baja-style fish tacos and the crispy chicken tacos, rounding off the order with some churros for dessert.  \n\nI don't know if this review's enthusiasm comes care of the tequila, but: the food was dynamite.  \n\nThe guacamole, served in a molcajete, was predominantly smooth with a few chunks and some heat.  The accompanying chips were canola oil fried house-made corn tortillas.  They were on the greasier side, but I'm saying that...as a positive thing.\nThe fish tacos were fresh, and light, and flavourful, with the softness of the fish set against the crunch of the slaw.\nThe crispy chicken tacos were messier (I had to resort to my knife and fork) but the crispy shell was the perfect complement to the soft free-range chicken\nChurros, well: fried dough is alright by me.  But this was cinnamon-y, sugary, dulce de leche-kissed fried dough.  Mo' bettah.  \n\nWorth a special note: Playa Cabana seems determined to show that Mexican food can be healthy.  Fresh salsas, locally sourced dairy, free range chicken, and black and pinto beans cooked in veggie stock (the latter are re-seared with lean pork stock so don't stay vegetarian throughout the process).  Healthy tastes delicious here.  \n\nYelp note: do as I say not as I do?  Reservations recommended.
Great food trip back to Chicago!  Prices a bit higher than Chi-Town though.  And please get to work on the housekeeping in the seating area--a bit messy and not the most pleasant eating environment.
Tried the Hero Burger and their Signature Burger it was just okay. You will be paying about 8-9 bucks for a combo. i would rather go elsewhere for my burger and fries like McDonalds or Wendys
Nice enviorment friendly bar tender and the noodles are excellent. If your feeling some ramen this should be your go to place
On Wednesdays the Phoenix Art Museum [PAM] is free, and having dinner at Palette inside P.A.M. makes for a great date night. \n\nPalette has something for everyone despite the short menu. I had the grilled chicken caprese sandwich with a side salad and a belgium wheat beer.  My date had the grilled quesadilla and a belgium wheat beer. We sat facing the sculpture garden overlooking the twinkle lights and perfectly manicured lawn.\n\nService was excellent.\n\nNow they are expanding the theater so there is construction to the south view...we just didn't face that direction.\n\nThe only disappointment was that all the beers are in bottles, no tap. However, they have a good selection of wines.
Food is delicious.\n\nServers seem discombobulated and have no sense of time. A child's order at the table was lost, and the server never came to check on us to fill up out water and iced tea drinks.\n\nSushi and rolls were delicious, but when you are there when only 3 other tables are there on a Friday evening, why does 4 pieces of sushi take 15 minutes?
This was my first visit to this sub shop.  Right when you walk in, the staff is super friendly.  While I am not a fan of hot subs, they accommodated making my sub cold.  The bread and meat were both fresh.  The kid's meals are a good value.  We will definitely return when in the area.
Gnocchi sauce was comparable to Ragu/Chef Boyardee. \nOverall very good though, the marina sauce they use for the apps was delicious but for some reason it was a very different sauce used for gnocchi
If you woke up here you would swear you were in Italy! A nice family run trattoria where everyone speaks Italian and makes you feel at home, very authentic. \n\nWe were greeted by the owners daughter, and served by her husband and brother. Bread rolls and water were brought while we looked at the menu. They also have several wines from Italy and Sicily by the glass which is nice. \n\nWe started with the pasta e fagioli soup which was delicious. A large bowl filled with cannellini beans, pasta and chunks of pancetta. A 5 star soup! \n\nFor our entrees we ordered the eggplant parmesan and the gnocchi with pesto and gorgonzola which is made in house. The waiter asked if we wanted a salad and I asked if they had a SMALL side salad. He said yes. A few minutes later a HUGE salad was brought out that could have easily fed 4 people. It was loaded with roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, buffalo mozzarella, olives, tomato and red onion. Although it was very good, I was a little upset I was brought a $9 dinner salad when I asked for a small side salad. A misunderstanding? I hope so. \n\nThe entrees came out and both were very large portions. You definitely get your moneys worth here, as well as leftovers for lunch the next day :)  The eggplant parm was big and covered in cheese. Served with a  side of spaghetti there was plenty to take home. The gnocchi were also very good, melted in my mouth. The sauce was very heavy and very rich, I could barely finish half of it. \n\nThe atmosphere here is genuine Italian Trattoria and with all of the friendly staff speaking Italian it is really an authentic experience.
This has been out 4th outing at red koi and in those 4 we always were greeted and served in the best possible manner. Other local resturaunts should take note as to how to run a resturaunt. Food is top notch and of a good variety. Pricing is deffinetly fair.\nWill be back again and again.
I MASTACHE you you come here :)\nI took my sissy here, it was her first time. :)\n\nA hole in the wall place, great decor and cute sense of humor to this place.\n\nThen sweet potato fries is wonderfully amazing, the chipotle sauce that goes with it is super tasty and has a good aftertaste. My nephew had the chocolate chip waffles, it was alright. Just regular waffles not anything amazing. I I had the vegetarian wrap wi5h fruits. It was declious minus the olives. \n\nI shall come back
I go there every week or so now, it is the best Pho I've ever had. It's not a fancy place, but has all the goods: great food, efficient staff and service, and short wait time. Deliciously addictive! \nGo there Monday to Thursday to try out their Pho Bho Ko (spelling?), it is to die for!
CHINA BUFFET\nNever in my life would I have imagined I would eat a chinese buffet in Charlotte, North Carolina, but here I am, visiting (future) family that really only likes to eat Asian food. How does China Buffet compare to other Chinese buffets in CA? Honestly, it wasn't too bad. Decor-wise, it trumps anything in CA: the decorations are spectacular, as the entire establishment is adorned with giant Chinese wood-cuttings, banners, and paintings. Even the table tops are Chinese paintings! Food-wise, it's comparable to those in CA. The salt/pepper frog legs were the clear winners, as the batter wasn't too fried, and it just salty enough. There were many octopus entrees and fish to eat, which is pretty cool. They even have a hibachi bar, where you choose your own toppings and they stir-fry it for you. As for noodle soups, choose from Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, or Japanese-style. Better yet, they give you scallops in your noodle dishes! Desserts: just stick to the ice cream. Everything else is so-so. Seems like a popular spot for birthday parties, as we could hear many celebrations during dinner. Chinese buffets in North Carolina? It's passable. Nothing crazy, but not as bad as I would have expected...
We're planning on going to Wild Tuna next door but unfortunately they didn't open until 5pm. My boyfriend and I decided to try Charr- we walked into an empty dining area with only 2 people sitting at the bar. Figured we could have a quick bite and be in and out easily... Turns out not so much. The server looked like we had annoyed her by even being there. 30 minutes later, my pulled pork sandwich came out dry like it was sitting under the heat lamp for about 20 of those minutes. Mind you- we were literally 1 of 2 tables in the place. I attempted to just power through but the meat was so chewy and rubbery that it was unbearable. My boyfriends burger came out very well done after initially asking for it to be medium. He decided to send his back to the kitchen only to be given an eye roll from the server and uncomfortable stares from the kitchen staff (the kitchen is open to the dining area). About 10 minutes later the burger came back out to only be cooked "well" again. My boyfriend decided to just eat it this time and found it to be tough and tasteless.To make a long story short- every single staff member we had the privilege of being in contact with there made us feel as if we were annoying them from start to finish. I will never recommend this place to anyone and will not be going back. It makes so much sense as to why I never really see many people in the restaurant from the street. These people really need to get it together.
Food was great....had the Phoenix burger and it was cooked a perfectly medium as requested. Great spot to hit for a lot of food at a decent price.
yummy! i don't really even like subs, but since my first visit here i constantly crave the firehouse italian. salami, pepperoni, ham, provolone, and  italian dressing on toasty wheat bread. the meat is high quality and flavorful. the spiciness of the salami and pepperoni compliment the perfectly sweet, smoky ham. the bread isn't anything special, but it works as it doesn't overpower the tasty sandwich. i like the fact that they have sweet tea, and it's above average.\n\ni would give this place five stars, but i'm not crazy about the atmosphere. the firefighter theme is fine, but the fluorescent lights make the place feel cold and harsh. the crowded layout forces you to sit close to your neighbor as well as everyone standing in line. luckily they have many tables outside you can escape to on nice days.\n\ni definitely recommend this place if you like hot subs. yeah it's a chain, but the vibe is more mom and pop. i'd be an even bigger fan if they offered homemade potato salad and coleslaw as an alternative to chips.
wow, i wish i had tried this place sooner. loved it! the atmosphere was very clean and modern with an aquarium hosting an array of fish. there was not a hint of pretentiousness. \n\nwe went in early (4:30ish) so there was no wait and not many people in the restaurant. it started to pick up as we were leaving, but i definitely wonder how this place is doing. it just seems sort of hidden.\n\nwe ordered the alaska roll, red dragon roll and the princess roll. all of them were delicious! the princess roll was definitely the most visually appealing, but the alaska roll was my favorite. it was crab stick, avocado, and cucumber with salmon and lemon on top. all of the fish was extremely fresh and delicious.\n\nthe service was also excellent, and the place just had a relaxing vibe. i will definitely go back!
Meh!  Came here for the 1st time today to see if it would be a good option for a birthday party.  Boy, was I disappointed!  About a third of the games did not work!  It is pricey, but my kids love the games so I wasn't worried too much about the cost.  This place is quite small, I was expecting something larger.  From reading the reviews, they obviously don't care about fixing their games.  The place seemed clean though, employees nice, but detached and worried about taking selfies with giant stuffed animals.
Ever the fan of this small Toronto chain, and only ever experiencing the Junction location on Dundas before I jumped at the opportunity  to try out the place where it all started last weekend.\n\nIf you're looking to try any of the 4 Playa Cabanas out, I recommend you make resos and make them early in the week. We were lucky when trying to make a reso for 4 on a Friday at the last minute that they were able to fit us in for a set amount of time. \n\nParking is a bit wonky here so I'd recommend you also hail a cab to get here as I'm not sure that taking the TTC to get here is possible later on in the evenings/weekends.\n\nWe grabbed our table and hunkered down for what I anticipated would be an equally amazing meal to what I've come to expect. \n\nIt's a small place, and when packed you'd be hard pressed to back your chair up without backing into someone so if you like your space then maybe pick a less busy night. That said, if you like a cozy lively dining experience then this is your jimmy-jam friendo!\n\nWhat I liked:\n- Three choices in guacamole (mild medium and hot), we ordered a hot for the fellas and a mild for our ladies who weren't as fond as the spice. I'm no master spice connoisseur but the hot was a 2 alarm at best (our of 5) so I think even someone with spice sensitivity can handle it. Came out quick with amazing tortilla chips as expected. Always a winner\n \n- Tacos, the short rib tacos are the house speciality and they certainly deliver in taste and in presentation. The meat was tender the fillings were excellent and the tortillas were a lovely cross between soft and crispy.\n\n- service, friendly, helpful and attentive. Despire beign slammed, we never waited too long for anything including re-ups on drinks and/or asking questions\n\nWhat I didn't like:\n- Tacos, yes I know I said I liked them, and I definitely do, but unlike the Hacienda and Cantina locations, you're only allowed to order 3 of the same kind of tacos, where the other locations you can order singles. To get a fourth of the same kind will run you and extra $4. Just my preference but I like my choice when I'm splurging my calories on a taco night out\n\n- Space, As i mentioned, it's a tight fit, I like a little more room, not much but a little.\n\nOverall a good experience, but I'm definitely more partial to Cantina and I'm looking forward to trying Hacienda soon as well as their new Annex location which is a Korean fusion style joint!\n\nEatcrest Out!\n\nPS - even saw titan of Canadian grocery business Gaelan Weston doing taco take-away while we were eating. Not a big sighting, but cool to know a multi-billionaire still enjoys good tacos at the same spot the rest of us do.
Whilst running errands near the Interchange 30 plaza today (Hwy 7 and 400) I got a hunger on and following my last stop a block or to East I found myself parked near the Walmart staring at several options for lunch. After a quick scan through Yelp reviews I avoided the near by Mexican spot (thanks to Faye for the tip) and decided on some Italian comfort food compliments of Via Panini!\n\nAs my earlier Mobile tip stated, there is nothing but older Italian ladies working here, so you know whatever is to come is fantastic! Most of the crowd here (and there was a crowd) takes orders to go, but a few of us who know better, stayed and enjoyed our food hot and unwrapped.\n\nI decided on testing the Veal sandwich waters here. As many of you know when it comes to Italian food I am fiercely loyal to those who do things great and it would take a lot for me to turn my back on my main veal squeeze - California Sandwiches. The verdict: \n\nHot Peppers: Barely there\nVeal: Thinner pieces but packed\nBun: Held together well\nCheese: FREE\nRapini: Slightly overcooked for my tastes\n\nNow, I should clarify, when it comes to Veal on a bun, I am a snob so to the average person this is a fantastic sandwich, even better than many I've had at sister locations of California Sandwiches BUT by my standards it is a 3 star which is A-OK!!! \n\nNo because gluttony loves company I followed this up with a Rice ball. I was impressed because it was formed, cooked and served to order. Nothing pre-made about this. The sauce was very tasty, albeit a touch watery. And the filling was ooy gooey and yummy! This portion of the meal gets a 4 star in my books, definitely a superior Rice Ball (oh ya and it was the size of a softball)!\n\nThis spot has a ton of lunch specials, so for now I'll leave this review at a 3 star and see how other menus items will improve their overall rating. In my honest opinion, definitely a place to come check out!\n\nEatcrest Out!
Great place for kid's parties. I recently attended one, where the family rented out a large room that had plenty of space for guests and tables full of pizza, wings, Philly cheesesteak egg rolls, and bruchetta. The food wasn't anything special, but that's to be expected from a place that focuses on games and entertainment. The employees working the party were friendly and attentive, regularly making sure food and drinks were restocked. The kids at the party were given cards that entitled them to 2 hours of game play on almost all games. Even on a Friday night there were plenty of games available with little to no wait times.
There aren't many restaurants more "under the radar" than Divine Cafe at Springs Preserve. It's out of the way for most tourists visiting the Strip or Downtown and it's a destination most locals don't think of when looking for a meal, unless you're also visiting the exhibits at Springs Preserve. With a kitchen led by Steve Piamchuntar (former chef and owner of Nosh & Swig) they're serving up some surprisingly good dishes for lunch and brunch.\n\nChef Steve has brought his refined skills and whimsical and modern touch to this cafe. With their recently changed menu they're offering a diverse menu with plenty for adults and kids, alike. Standard American fare like caesar salads, burgers, and pizzas are available. While the burger ($9.50) was decent, non-typical dishes make this place shine compared to other cafes in town. Singapore chicken cups ($9.50) are lettuce wraps with balanced sweetness and savoriness. The pressed chicken milanese ($11) is a must. It eats like a sandwich but has flavors that are fitting for any larger meal. For brunch the pan dulce french toast ($8) was great. More like a creamy bread pudding with bread soaked through with custard, it's perfect for those wanting to satisfy their sweet tooth early in the day. And, to polish off a meal try the root beer float ($6). It's accompanied by an Oreo dusted churro that's as good as any you'll find in town.\n\nMy meal was fully comped, but I did tip appropriately. They're typically only open for lunch or brunch, but are open Thursdays and have happy hour specials and live music.
The drinks are pretty terrible - get a beer instead. The food is great. The last time I was there, though, the hostess sat us on the patio and we sat there for 25 minutes before getting up and leaving because no one ever came to our table. No hello, no water, nothing - despite seeing two or three employees tending to surrounding tables during that time. Uh, k, bye.
This place always seem to be empty when I go to pick up some cake.  I had dinner here once and it was okay.  It is more pricey than other Chinese restaurants.  I usually just come here when I have a sweet tooth - They have a good selection of cakes.  I tried most of their cakes - Cheesecake, Mango cake, Chocolate Grand Marnier and Strawberry meringue are my favorite.  It is around $4.50 a slice of cake but the portion is not that big.  8" meringue cake cost around $28 plus tax which is a little expensive.
This should not even be called Chinese food. It's horrible and way over priced. My kids neon noodles taste like a mix of burnt oil and gas. The egg rolls are filled with mostly cabbage...no shrimp or pork or other veggies. \n\nNot going back here again
I had time to check this place out last night.  The four of us had dinner there and then enjoyed some games.\n\nThe service at dinner was great.  The server acknowledged they had only been open for about three weeks, and they were continuing to take any feedback to improve the experience.  \n\nThe shareable crab cake was delicious, but the portion needs to be shipped off!  If you get it,  don't feel ashamed to be a bit greedy as the $14 cake is just that, one expensive cake!  HOWEVER,  the chicken nachos!  You can't go wrong!  \n\n The entrees were interesting.  I got the beef rib dish.  It's not something usual for me, but I took the server's advice (he was a good guy).  I found the meat to be a bit fatty.  I found enough tasty pieces to satisfy...  The most unsettling part of the dish was the way the meal was garnished.  Imagine the sword in the stone...  But it was the rib-bone jammed into the pile of wasabi mashed potatoes.  Different.\n\nThe beer selection was ok...  Just too expensive (I understand the place is on the strip).  I think I could have walked across the way to a competing place, and it would have been more affordable.\n\nThe game variety was fun (I stink at video games) ,and I enjoyed pinball.  The pacman air hockey will either make you pull a muscle or lose an eye!  It is not to be missed!  \n\nAfter speaking to a few staff members, it's clear they are working to adjust things.  I'll give them a few weeks and will try them again.  \n\nBe patient!  I think the place will compete for your attention soon!  Huge TV and video walls will be sure have your favorite sports games available. \n\nOh yeah, there is bowling and computer games there too (not sure what those are all about).
First off I'd like to thank the kid Nick at game work who helped me out with my misplaced order of pizza that was given away to some other kid in the internet cafe. The manager Joseph totally blew me off when I tried to talk to him. At least act like your listening instead of just saying "uh, huh. We got you" . By the way I did not know that he was the manager until after my order was fixed. \n\n    . I tried to tell Joseph which computer My brother, son and I was sitting.  We waited about 30 mins for a personal size looking pizza.  Nick came and check on us 2 times as he always makes his rounds around the cafe every time I've visted.  Finally I asked for his help which he got done faster than Joseph has. Nick completely took care of my brother and son after. But he is just a great up beat worker overall every time we have gone into game works he has been helpful and always checking on the kids. Great and attentive.  Joseph it was nice giving me the reason why things weren't done. BUT NICK GOT THEM DONE FOR US. As well as the other 2 employees that was with him.
Russell Peters once said "There are no Mexicans in Canada.  You should see how messed up our lawns are."\n\nI think he should have replaced "lawns" with "Mexican restaurants."  \n\nI spent a few years in San Diego, so blah blah blah, yeah, whatever.  This place is truly amazing.  It's expensive, but totally worth it, and a GREAT place to take a date.  Don't take her here TOO much, because she'll likely get fat.  \n\nI should probably quit before I say something offensive.\n\nSeriously, check this place out.  I had a chicken burrito that was smothered in some really delectable orange sauce. It's authentic and upscale.  You'll like it!
My Family brought me here for my birthday last night and we are ALL Italian and must say the Food was Amazing! I COUKDNT decide between  lobster r aviloi and Chicken pucatta so the Awesome waitress said since it's your birthday I will give you some lobster ravioli  instead of Angel hair pasta! How Sweet. The little bread knots are Awesome.. The service is impeccable and then out of Nowhere come these 2 AMAZING snowballs for dessert.. 1 coffee and 1 strawberry.. and they had trick candles! OMG THE BEST BIRTHDAY DINNER I HAVE  HAD IN MABY YEARS!! THANK YOU DIO MUCH TRATTORIA FOR MAKING MY NIGHT DIO AMAZING AND SPECIAL EITH MY FAMILY!! YOU ROCK!
The best guac I've had here in Toronto! Tucked just east of Davenport on Dupont, I found Playa Cubana yesterday for lunch and was very impressed. Though the street-front patio is a little cramped, the food and service were excellent. I think I've found my new favourite Mexican place. Can't wait to try the ceviche'!
This is a great spot for lunch. \nPrices are reasonable. \nFood  is really good. \nPortions are generous.\nThey have a really good selection  of iced tea. \nI have been here several times, and will keep coming back.\nCan bring the family or meet for a business lunch.\nLots of parking.\nI have never had a bad experience here.\nVegetarian options.\nDefinitely  would recommend.
Good food and good sushi. Pad Thai is good and portions are generous especially at dinner.
If you look at my check in history you will see that I'm quite partial to another Pho restaurant in PHX.  It was hard for me to try some place new, but I did.  Glad to say that I'm HAPPY I did.\nFood was great!  Spring rolls were fresh, egg rolls delicious, pho so flavorful.  To top it off I was actually thanked for my business.  It is that last sentence that will have me returning to Pho Noodles.  \nMany good wishes for your success Pho Noodles, and I "thank you" also.
If you're in the Markham area, chances are you've accompanied your parents to HK style cafes your whole life. If you haven't, let me tell about the french toast I consumed on my last visit.\n\nFor $4.95, imagine a melted layer of peanut butter-y goodness sandwiched between two slices of crustless, brick toast. This combination is then dipped in egg and DEEP FRIED to a crispy golden brown. On top sits a pool of thick condensed milk. Salivating yet? \n\nThis decadent snack is not for the faint of heart (or for those at risk for diabetes).\n\nOther food I've had here has been okay. The portions are quite generous and the  \nbreakfast/lunch/afternoon tea specials come with coffee/tea/soy milk. \n\nLots of seating, and like many HK cafes, you have to wave down the staff if you need anything.\n\nThe only thing that was super gross was the tape of dead bugs hanging above our table. Also, the wifi isn't very reliable. But there's lots of choice and something for everyone. Great for groups :)
I am not quick to give a restaurant a bad review, especially smaller local restaurants. I usually give second chances but this place was outright horrible! This place has bad, awkward, rude service & the food was between mediocre & bad. The menu said "make any wrap vegan!" so I asked what that was about and the guy answered "vegans don't eat meat or cheese so we'll just take out the meat & cheese" and I asked "so you dont have vegan subsitutes?" He said, "oh fake meat? No". This was such a rude & weird response! I was offended & I'm not even vegan! Don't fake and act like your restaurant is vegan friendly when its not & then mock the vegan diet on top of it! This place is just weird. No thanks.
Best Viet place around this neighborhood. Funny thing is for a Viet restaurant, their Pho isn't that great, but they make up for it in their rice dishes and the steam rolled pork with Viet sausages. Menu contain lots of pork dishes and some beef dishes, very little offering outside of these two meats \n\nDon't expect much service here and don't forget it's cash only
So so busy.  Seriously.  Really, really busy.  But great and completely worth the wait.  Some of the best Mexican food I've found in the city so far.
Eek, I may get in trouble by my SO for writing this review as this is her go to spot on a weekly basis. I figured her patronage was more than enough reason to check this spot out and it's location is very convenient relative to Liberty Village (right at Atlantic and King W).\n\nOn a positive note, the staff are friendly and attentive and my green tea never went cold, and given the small space they're never more than nod of the head away. Also, the Miso soup was very good.\n\nAside from friendliness, convenience and Miso, the rolls stops here. I ordered a Sushi + Sashimi combination which came to about $24.99 all in. This came with 3- 6 piece rolls and 12 pieces of sashimi fish.\n\nThe rolls were standard fare in terms of taste, however my issue with them was in the size. The rolls were no bigger in diameter than a dollar coin. I'd expect this sort of size from a typical AYCE joint, but when I'm paying per piece I expect a little more.\n\nNext up was the sashimi. Now for this, I had no issue with the size, as for the most part it was standard a la carte sized slices. I was happily eating the salmon and tuna when I came up on some of the other options. FROZEN. And I'm not talking about the adorable animated feature film... basically it was like biting into a frozen fish snow cone. \n\nThis furthers my opinion that a decent sushi joint in the city is hard to come by.\n\nEatcrest Out!
First time here and overall it was a great experience. I was seated and my order was taken right away. Ordered #52 and a side of shrimp and pork spring rolls. Spring rolls were ok, pork tasted undercooked but the main entree (#52) was amazing! The entire mix of it all was delicious down to the sauce. Definitely would eat here again.
I don't really have high expectation for Hong Kong Style Cafe as I just want something fast, affordable and a menu with varieties. \n\nKitchen M is definitely a good addition to the neighbourhood. I was a little overwhelmed by the menu and all the all day set options. What to eat? What should I order? What is good?\n\nThe food here is not amazing but will do the job if you are in the area. Service is fast and friendly.\n\n陳皮鴨腿湯麵+油菜 ($9.95) Duck Leg Noodle with Side Veggie comes with a choice of drink was quite decent. The duck was tender and soft. Their milk tea was also quite good.\n\nI will be back to try out other items.
The games are nice and the place is clean but the rest is horrible. This is NOT even in the same category as Dave and Busters. I've had bar food that was better. This was gas station quality food. The nachos literally had gas station canned cheese on it. My son had the steak salad. He couldn't even chew the meat. Then we had a birthday coupon that had to be approved by the manager. That took 20 minutes.  Save your money.
I eat my fair share of indian food and I gotta say..this is probably one of the best. Their masala has a smokey flavor to it that is amazing!  Good selection of indian beers and a nice happy hour menu.  Customer service was excellent.  We will definitely go back.
Finally an Indian fare at a food court!  Yay!  It's great to see something other than Manchu Woks, Made in Japan...etc.  I've always loved Indian food and Amaya Express serves up a pretty great version even in a food court setting.  \n\nI ordered their butter chicken bowl with chana masala and a 2 meat combo to go.  Although the chicken was not the usual moist morsels you get at restaurants, the sauce was quiet good.  I also ordered the lamb curry and chicken masala (the 2 meat combo) and they were also flavourful and good. \n\nI would love to see Amaya Express expand into more suburban malls soon.
Yes, the food IS as good as everyone's been saying. I would definitely eat there again, but I wouldn't recommend the back patio in the winter time - unfortunately this was our only option as the front room was packed.
Fraticelli's nicely decorated and the atmosphere felt very high class.  I love the booth seat they gave us as it gave you a sense of privacy.  Started with the appetizer - Fritto Misto.  The Calamari was over cooked but the shrimp was very tasty but too bad there was only 2 of them.  I had the 14 oz rib eye steak and it was very well cooked to my liking - medium rare.  Also had the flourless chocolate cake which tasted the ferrero rocher was amazing.  The service was very good as the server checked on us many times and was very patience with us.  Even giving us recommendations and describing each dish to us.  Overall, the food quality is pretty fresh and providing a relax dining experience.\n\nRating:\n\nService: 4/5\nFood Quality: 4/5\nComfort 4/5\nDecor  4/5\nValue: 3/5\nParking: 5/5
To be honest we stumbled to this place cause the last 2 restaurants we picked were closed and we were too hungry to look for anymore places.  We weren't expecting much since the reviews here were meh.  Place was decent size with outside patio area.  Only 1 server, poor girl was running back and forth all day.  I got the Katsu Udon (Thanks Marc L. - you sold me) plus the $2 California roll upgrade.  In fact it was one of the better Udon I had so I was impressed.  Only thing is that they soaked my Katsu in the soup and it was all soggy after a while.  I really wasn't too confident with their raw fish. My wife however got the Sushi Bento she said the white fish wasn't fresh and didn't finish eating it but the salmon was good but the portion of the fish is smaller than other Japanese places.  Injapan is nothing to rave about but not as bad as people say.  Guess it is a hit and miss here. 3/5 stars
I like Stake and Shake, but just not this location. There was a lot of staff, but not good service. We asked for a table, had to wait for them to get around to cleaning them off, then 2 families were seated that came in after us. The hostess didn't remember writing our name on her clipboard. Then Courtney rolled her eyes when I reminded her a second time for a table not a booth. Service was slow. Order was wrong, like he never even heard us, our side salad came way after our burger and fries were served. One refill after a long wait for food. Bottom line is the food was good for the price, staff and service need big improvement, and if you chose this location make sure you have time to wait...and wait...and wait.
I would rate this as an OK spot for sushi. Ambiance was nice but sushi was average quality and prices were a little higher than other places around. In a pinch I would come back, but would choose other locations first. Happy hour pricing was decent but still more expensive than other spots.
very happy to come here for lunch the other day, and funny enough I just drove by and gave it a shot out of the blue...not knowing what I wanted to eat for lunch...the setting is very intimate, with a few tables and a very dimly lit setting. the service is absolutely fantastic, the pricing is excellent, and the portions are a good size...even better with the daily combo's they have. everything is made fresh to order to the point when you eat the food it makes you feel like you're in a dream. lunchtime gets a bit hectic, I find the customers get a bit rude and cut the line. a really Great feature about this place is that it has frozen portions to go, with a platter of lasagna and other delicious goodies.\nwith a smile on all of the workers faces, the quality of food, and the service to match, this is a gem of a place to come and check out.
I was in town for business with a colleague and was recommended this place for dinner.\n\n- oyster shooters: great bloody mary mix, okay oysters\n- zucchini fries: juicy and fresh, but limp with no crunch. I would pass on this next time\n- Phoenix burger: a hint of heat, but otherwise meh. The bun is not a normal bun, but rather some sort of knotted bun that fell apart when I bit into it. It was definitely hard to eat. The meat was well-cooked though (hit right on med-rare). Truffle fries were thin and right on. They had perfect crunch\n- flat iron steak: coworker enjoyed it, as well as the green bean and potato cake side\n- lemontini: really tasty \n\nThe bartenders were great. Jill and Mimi were fantastic company. This is a solid place for good conversation and decent food, but definitely not the best burger I've had. I will say it is a place with great value. During their reverse happy hour ($3 well drinks, $3 off appetizers, $5 burgers), our total came out to $60 before tip. That was for 2 oyster shooters, 3 drinks, zucchini fries, phoenix burger, 2 raw oysters, and the flat iron steak. Not bad!
Great service and friendly staff that works here. The rooms are super nice with amazing pillows. I wish the wireless wasn't so expensive, there was more snack foods available, but the place has an accessible bar atleast.
We've ordered the chicken pho from here a few times and every time we have been disappointed. Compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the area the amount of chicken and broth they give you is significantly smaller for your money. Even though this restaurant is closer to our house we will drive further for better food and pricing.
Jonathan mahr is the baddest dude on the planet! Figuring out this intricate system of gaming would have been an absolute impossibility without him!
The Dine & Play for $14.99 includes 1 entree (there are a few to choose from) and 1 hour of arcade game play. It's a great deal. We ordered 2 of these Dine & Play - which was enough to feed myself and the 2 boys. \n\nPizza was limp, crust not cooked well enough. Blah.\nNachos topped with steak is pretty good!\n\nThe boys played arcade for an hour, while I headed to the Bowling room and sat at the bar. The hour seemed to go by pretty fast with a couple of beers.
Awesome local restaurant with wonderful service. We went for burgers and a glass of wine and was not disappointed. The staff went the extra mile to whip up a fried egg to top our Carolina BBQ Burger. The meat was well seasoned and cooked to perfection. We'll definitely come back for happy hour!
Kevin needs an attitude adjustment regardless of if you're counting your drawer down or not you should notify the next person on shift that a customer is in line let alone there's a line (three or more people in line). If you can't serve with a good tude through and through then you shouldn't serve. Jillian though redeemed his crassness by her awesomeness not the discount she gave me. Side note answer the phone when it rings.
Playa is typically Toronto. Five star food, the right amount of cool factor to make it "in demand" and great food. Go for the fresh fish tacos, the corn on the cob and the cointreau tequila.
We came here on a recommendation from my husbands co-worker. It is simply fantastic. The food and service is excellent. We will be back!
A whole section of vegetarian options! The rice noodle soup with tofu and vegetables was a hit! I'll be going back for this dish soon!
This place is "OK..." its nice on the inside and they have a cool fish tank filled with African Cichlids and Peacocks.  Happy hour seems like a good deal, but its really not, just a few bucks off and nothing really special on the menu...  Also the portions were small...  People seem to like this place, but I've found better in the area, with way better prices...  if someone wanted to go here, I would, but it wouldn't be my pick!
Excellent Pho, I had the #29. The egg rolls were very tasty too. The staff was super friendly.  Nice clean addition to our Midtown neighborhood
Had gone here for dinner last night with a couple of friends and we all had had a really bad experience, especially for the amount of money we spent. Here's why:\n\n1. The meals are overpriced. I ordered the top sirloin which came with 3 small bites of grilled zucchini and 4 small potatoes. Paid $30+taxes. The steak wasn't that great.\n\n2. Menu selection sucks. There wasn't much to eat at all and nothing seemed appetizing. I was there with 4 friends and as we were reading the menu, we were wondering why we even decided the restaurant, considering there wasn't much selection.\n\n3. We ordered one drink, the bellini, and it wasn't that great. Had better bellini's at Moxies. For some reason, it was also watered down.\n\n4. Later, we decided to have a latte each, so we ordered 4. The latte's were freezing. They were literally ice cold. We sent them back, because, at $5 each, we should be able to sit and enjoy a warm latte. The latte's came back 35 minutes later. Still cold.\n\n5. Portions. We all complained about the portions because they were very small for the price they were. The resto is very overpriced.\n\n\nOverall, if you're wanting a nice italian resto, this isn't it. Choose to spend your money wisely and go somewhere where you're actually going to enjoy the food. I had: a steak, a bellini and a lattee and I ended up paying $55 plus tip for just myself. Kind of a rip off.
Line was not too long to order. Prices are good. Kid menu items are perfect for the children. I had the Cuban sandwich and it was worth the wait. Delicious will come again to the springs preserve just for the cafe hahaha.
Decent tasting tacos and burritos! The prices and the portions are great.\n\nTheir burrito is a bit bland sometimes so I definitely recommend getting the tacos instead. \n\nIt's a nice place to sit and eat. If you don't go at peak hours it's quiet and spacious.
The food is nothing special. You can find better tacos at seven lives or la carnita. The restaurant is incredibly small and no waiter wanted to clear out table. They walked by many times and disregarded us. It took us ten minutes for us to get the bill and fed up, we eventually had to signal the bartender to give us the bill. Will not return.
It's basically a smaller version of Dave & Busters. It comes with a bar and a small dining area. \n\nFood: The food there is okay. Pricing is alright for the portions you get. I wouldn't eat here again. I would just grab food somewhere in the plaza. \n\nLocation: Great area, located right next to the movie theater. You get the best of both worlds. Teenagers, kids and adults can all enjoy a movie then come here afterwards. \n\nGames: Variety of games to play. From winning tickets or just playing multiplayer. Most of the games are up to date and new. They still have some of your old school arcade games as well. A small bowling alley is located inside and a cool ride inside as well that is extra money. They even have one of those motion rides where you can seat yourself.\n\nOverall, not too bad but still feels like they are missing something.
I want to give a shout out to Ron the Mgr and his team at GAMEWORKS for the most excellent time we had at their establishment. Hawaiian Airlines recently had our holiday party held there on Jan 21st and it was the best party EVER!!! Ron made sure the party went on with no worries and no problems. Lets not forget their delicious food we ate Pizzas cheese and Meathead pizza's, kids favorite sliders, calamari, chicken tenders, chicken wings, and their chicken cobb salad and caesar salad was a hit with everyone. Our families enjoyed themselves and we definitely recommend any company or families who are looking for a place to hold their events at. This is the guy to see Mgr Ron Arenas at Gameworks at the Town Centre Mall
Great food. We came as a group and ordered many different Tacos and multiple buckets of beer. All of the tacos were delicious, and they had Corona and Dos Equis to drink. You can get a bucket of four beers for a decent price. Many margarita/sangria drinks available me also, but that's not really my thing. Cool atmosphere, great location and friendly staff. I will be back.
Excellent service and some of the best Indian food in Scottsdale. Very clean and affordable as well.
When we walked into the store, it was dinner time, and nobody was there. Right away we knew that was not a good sign. There were only two people working and when we went to order the person taking our order just busted out laughing, which was very strange. We didn't want to take a chance with the food so we left. I don't know how good the food was but the service was terrible. But I assume the food must not be very good, because it was empty at dinner time. So overall, I would not recommend this to a family member or friend unless there is a brand new staff.
Me and my family had a great time in Gameworks located at the heart of Town Square mall. The service was phenomenal. My waitress, Taylor, was very attentive with our needs like refills, napkins, extra such and such. I appreciate it so much since even though they were so busy, they manage to take care of us in a superb level. The food was phenomenal. They have really good selection on their finger foods. Porky Joe's and Carnival Chicken sandwich was to die for. With some yukon fries topped with blue cheese crumbles and bacon was definitely a treat. I would also like thank the manager, Ron. He came to our table to check and ensure that we have been highly taken care of.  It was really welcoming here. I will surely come back for more.
Love the burgers here, the fries are good too! I've only gone for lunch and I always get the same thing because I like it so much!
The food was good and tasty. The order took a little longer than anticipated but it was the day before Thanksgiving and I am sure everybody was out eating instead of cooking.
Why bother damning Fraticelli's with faint praise?  It would be a waste of praise.\n\n Toronto and its suburbs enjoy an Italian dining renaissance. From low end to high, this city has embraced the local, seasonal, soulful goodness that is rustic Italian cooking. I don't need to point you to the glowing reviews for restaurants that have been penned by better writers and bigger foodies than I. \n\nEven the chains have gotten into the act. Toronto boasts decent pizza/pasta joints in Terroni and Mercatto. These places make a virtue of authenticity-in Terroni's case-to the point of obnoxiousness. The vibe is casual, the food fresh and well-priced. Cheap but drinkable plonk and short espresso flow easily. East Side Marios aims low; Toni Bullonis aims a bit higher. \n\nSo what did RIchmond Hill do to deserve the disaster that is Fraticellis? Were they bad? \n\nSet in a big box block of similar corporate restaurants, you get the sense that Fratricellis is someone's attempt at a casual fine dining flagship on the order of Milestones or Moxies. All black walls, booths are crammed together so diners compete for elbow room and narrow tables make sharing a challenge. \n\nSaid tables are guarded by an attractive team of hostesses. We are nudged towards the bar despite a lack of 'reserved' signs, or any indication that somebody cooler will come along to commandeer one of the many empty tables. When we decline the wine list, the pace of the meal turns glacial. \n\nWe are serviced by a pretty but inexperienced wait staff, who huddle in the corners while we wait for drinks and bread that's fresh-baked, but only appears after appetizers have been served. By bread I mean a few slivers of what might be balled-up pizza dough. It's stingily portioned, accompanied by a puttanesca-esque olive oil dip which is the most flavorful thing we eat all night. Between the long wait and the mistiming, we resent it.\n\nAppetizers offer limited value. A small Caesar salad comes with curls of fresh parmesan, but wears a heavy garlicky coat of dressing. It's about a coffee-mug's worth of lettuce. Six bucks may not be a lot to ask, but there's even less offered here. A $12 Fritto Misto is an outright ripoff. Promised fennel is absent. Two types of zucchini range from pleasantly crisp to outright mush; and seafood is limited to a pair of decent shrimp and two rolled curtains of uncuttably overcooked calamari. The plate is taken away without asking why the squid sits, barely punctured. \n\nPizzas may be a popular item on other tables but they are tiny and topped with disturbingly unmelting cheese and uniformly circular condiments. But for the thinner crust, they channel memories of high-school cafeteria pizza hut. \n\nMains fail to inspire. Spaghetti is properly al dente in carbonara, but the sauce lacks any kind of salty punch beyond more freshly-grated cheese on top. It's a mystery considering the amount of cheese, bacon, onions and black pepper that go into this dish when done right. A massive hunk of chicken parmesan hasn't been trimmed of cartilage, and its red sauce is also muted, much like the chicken fraricelli, which arrives dry from the grill. Accompanying pappardelle noodles in sundried tomato pesto cream sauce need salt, but have nice texture. The less said about industrial veal piccata the better.\n\nWe skip dessert and coffee.\n\nMost galling is the  presence of Massimo Capra's smug mug on the menu, moustache waxed and teeth bared in a villainous smirk. This man captained countless Restaurant Makeovers. He's listed as a consultant here. Maybe he can call in a friend from the show to bail him out.
Came here for breakfast early on a Saturday morning and the food and service was excellent. The portions are huge. The homefries/potatoes were moist and seasoned well. The menu is pretty impressive and has many options to choose from. I had the corn beef hash combo with two eggs sunnyside up and homefries. They have bottomless coffee too. This place became very busy as the morning progressed. I would defiantly visit again. I would prefer to come here, over Markham Station, anyday!
We had our company party here and it was a success! Everyone Seemed to enjoy themselves, especially the children. Just want to give a shout out to Ron Arenas, Manager for all your help with our function and his crew! Awesome job!
The lines are long at this one. They also stingy with the sauce packages. But they generally get my order right.
We've avoided Fraticelli's in the past as it seems like a mediocre chain run restaurant with middling reviews. However we've eaten here twice in the last year and the food is pretty good. We ended up here on a recent Saturday as a last resort after starting at the Keg near Hwy 7 and taking a pass after seeing dozens of people waiting in line for tables. Fraticelli's was only at half capacity so we were expecting an average meal but the service was  good and everyone was satisfied with their meals. We noticed that the menu has been changed so hopefully the food is better. We ordered vegetarian risotto and the short rib dinner.  I would return because the risotto was so good! give it a try as there is a dearth of Italian restaurants in this area.
We were driving back from a cottage in Brighton and wanted to pick up food to eat at home. You know, avoid having to make food when we're already so tired? Playa Cabana was on our way and it's one of those spots that we've wanted to try out, but just haven't gotten to.\nWe popped in and ordered the chicken and pastor (soft) tacos and a horchata for while we waited on our order.\nI found the service to be friendly and overall efficient and extremely fast. The food was done before we even got through half the drink. The horchata, while good, was not as great as we've had elsewhere in the city. I found that it was at once refreshing going down the throat but leaving your mouth with a dry feeling (which made you think you were thirsty).\nLater when we got home to eat, the shells were coming apart a bit (likely from condensation) but the meat was amazing. The pastor is a bit spicy but delicious and the chicken balanced out the spiciness of our meal.\nWhile there, we discussed how the location was compact which created a sense of intimacy, but it wasn't romantic in the classic sense, making it a great spot for new dates. We will return to dine in someday, and hopefully have a chance to visit the other Playa locations, to be able to compare all of them!
These guys are great.  The pizza is good and the service is fantastic.  Mineo's and Aiello's are awesome, but Napoli's does the one thing the other two don't - they deliver.   That's been the winning combo many times, and it never disappoints.
I was at the bar and served by this red headed bartender. So unprofessional. There were no other customers at the moment, very slow thru out the day, but she definitely seemed like she didnt want to be there. Put no effort in making my drink. Has this girl not heard of customer service or manners before?  I would have kept my tab open if she had been less rude.
Always a great place and I think they gotten better with the move. It's much more fancier now and the staff seems very happy to be serving you. They are understanding and very patient, too. Our waiter was very funny and was positive. I can't exactly recall his name since it's been a few days but he looks exactly like Kevin Smith. We asked if he's ever gotten that and he says yes, a few times. Also helped us settled our Star Wars over Star Trek dispute and also added Marvel over DC. Yes, we are a bunch of nerds but we will continue coming back!
Very clean and great staff. The food is really good as well. The price will not break the bank, which is great for families. I would highly recommend this to anyone in gastonia. Do not forget the hibachi grill..it's great
Don't  expect anything too fancy it is a traditional HK cafe style located in an old plaza that has seen multiple restaurants that has gone through there. The newly renovated restaurant sure beats the old restaurants that used to be there.\n\nOrdered the pork chop, chicken steak with rice and tomato sauce combo so I can compare it to the also "cheap" HK cafe a few blocks north on McCowan. \n\nOverall impression is not bad. The vegetable soup had real ingredients (lots of veggies), the tomato sauce has real tomato not a suace made of ketchup so it actually taste proper. \n\nI would recommend going back again, compare to a lot of sub-par restaurants in the area.
I went to Scottsdale for Spring training and a bachelor party. Barely made it out alive if it wasn't for Lukes and their tasty Italian beef sandwich. I never had one before but it's pretty much a French dip sandwich with sauteed onions, sweet and hot peppers. I ate it in about three bites. Nice soft French roll dripping with au jus and hot sliced beef layered with peppers and onions. I can't really ask for more. \n\nI also had their Chicago style dog but it wasn't as good as Colonel Mustards. I really miss that place. A real gem. It used to be next to the Grand Lake Theatre. I wouldn't even go to Caspars or (Kaspars) when the Colonel was around. Nice soft steamed poppy seed bun with German mustard and a dog that snapped when you bit into it. Hot peppers tomatoes and a pickle to top it off. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. \n\nBut................if your looking for Italian beef, Lukes is your place in Scottsdale!
The drink menu is obviously heavily influenced by the spirit of Mexico with nearly 60 different Tequilas to peruse. In the interest of me not reliving my Grade 10 Spring Break trip to Cancun, I steered clear of the body shots, and went straight to the cocktail list. PC offers 8 different takes on the Margarita (available by glass or pitcher), and an additional 8 signature cocktails for those who've had too many messy nights with the Mexican liquid gold. There are also about a dozen international wines to choose from, available as 5 oz, 9 oz or bottles, and 5 Mexican beers with special prices for buckets of four bottles.  In our short stay, we sampled the Bacon Infused Bourbon Sour (House Bacon Infused Maker's Mark Bourbon, House Made Simple Syrup, Lime, Egg White, $10) and the Amber Agave Margarita (El Jimador Reposado 100% de Agave, Orange Juice, $8).  Being served in a tall glass, the former didn't deliver as much bright citrus flavour as I normally get in a traditional low-baller Sour, but it was fairly well balanced and enjoyable nonetheless. The Margarita, in contrast, had massive slap-me-in-the-pucker flavour, and I loved every sip.  Definitely, lesson learned. Stick to what Mexico is known for here, folks. Tequila, tequila, tequila.\nLike the cocktail line up, PC's food menu is extensive, fairly priced and features all your Mexican staples and favourites (except maybe tamales, which I am always on the look out for).  After bouncing some ideas off our server, we opted to go with:\nGuac Fresca with Homemade Chips ($8)-Since we weren't asked how hot we wanted it, I'm not sure what we got, but I can assume it was mild since there wasn't any detectable heat. The guac was well seasoned, though maybe could have used a touch more lime (but I'm an acid freak), while the chips were crispy and light. My main criticism here would just be the ratio of guac to chips was definitely a little skewed. I even tried to be frugal with the dip on my chip, and still we were left with 2/3rds of a basket of chips and a scraped clean bowl sans guac.\nElotes a la Parrilla (Grilled Corn rubbed with Chili Pequin, Lime and Queso Fresca/Anejo, ($10)- I will never turn down fresh corn, especially when it's slathered in crema and sprinkled with cheese.  As simple as it is, this corn just happened to be the highlight of the night. The kiss from the grill left each kernel engorged with sweet juice- a perfect counterpoint to the salty cheese, spicy chili and sour lime I spritzed on top. Now I am wiggling with excitement for a summer of delicious Ontario corn.\nAncho Braised Shortrib-Brisket Crispy Tacos ($14)- Biting into one of these deep-fried bad boys, I may have started to question the whole health-slant of the restaurant. But hell, I say put your weight-watchers calculator away and enjoy it. Packed to the brim with juicy tender beef, the rich ancho flavour was nicely balanced out by the freshness of the tomatoes and salty cheese on top. Smear on a little bit of their house guac and woah, you've got a substantial meal right there. My only quibble with regards to the tacos in general is that unlike other taco establishments in the city, they can't be ordered individually, making deciding on just one a near impossible task and ODing on one rich flavour inevitable. \nToluca Chorizo Burrito (Wrapped with Oaxan Cheese, Rice, Beans, Topped with a Fried Egg, Guac, Pico de Gallo, Crema, Green Tomatillo Sauce and Red Tomato Sauce, $16)- Which leads me to the next dilemma. After soldiering through the short rib, I still had this beast to tame. Note to self: don't get a burrito unless you're with a team of pubescent male teenagers. Unfortunately, I was too full to really appreciate this monster, but the few bites I managed to get in were very tasty and well balanced. It had bright tomatillos, a sweet tomato sauce, spicy chorizo, and it was all topped off with a luscious runny egg. Maybe a little skimpy on the cheese, but really, with a meal this huge, I'm being glutinous and nit-picky here.\nChurros with Dulce de Leche- I am a churro freak, and have to say I prefer the typical stick variety to these little fried nuggets of dough, which while certainly tasty, didn't quite have the same crackly sugar exterior you get from the ridges of traditional churros.  Having said that, considering I am also a super cinnamon freak, and these were beyond well spiced, I finished them off in record time. \nSo for 2 cocktails, 2 bocaditos (appetizers), a burrito, an order of tacos, a dessert and a cappuccino, the bill came to $100 including tatax and tip. Very fair considering the large amount of consumables that graced our lips (and the burrito doggie bag we happily took home). Overall, I was quite pleased with our experience at PC and am looking forward to seeing how it holds up against Rick Bayless' Topolobambo when I visit Chicago this month.
This is one of those 'you get what you pay for' kind of places. The food was fairly good for a greasy hangover breakfast type of place. I had steak and eggs and my friends got big breakfasts. Everyone was happy with their food and coffee. \n\nThe food is typical breakfast diner food. All the food was good. The service and cleanliness could use a little work though.
I love love love chicken tikka masala, rice and garlic naan.  I normally go there once a week to eat there.  Tandoori Times and Tandoori Times 2 are probably most the same places.  The services are wonderful.  They know exactly what I want to order.  I could say that this Tandoori Time has the BEST chicken tikka masala than any other Indian restaurant.  you won't be disappointed!
Hands down, this is the BEST Mexican food I've ever had.\n\nMy boyfriend and I dined at this little gem on a Saturday night.  I was able to make reservations the night before, however, there were very few time slots left, so I recommend making a reservation at least a few days in advance.  It is quite small, so I don't think you'd be able to get a table without a reservation.\n\nWe ordered guaca fresco (medium spice) and chorizos conquistadores to start.  The guacamole tasted really fresh; you can definitely tell it is made to order.  The chips were perfectly salted and there was just the right amount to go along with the guacamole.\n\nThe chorizo was AMAZING!  It was cooked perfectly and the sauce (simmered red wine and beer) complimented the meat so well.  Perfect portion for an appetizer (although I definitely could have eaten more!).\n\nI ordered the chicken enchilada for my main meal.  This dish comes with two chicken enchiladas (chicken folded in corn tortillas and served with salsas verde/roja), re-fried beans (choice of black or pinto) and rice.  The enchiladas are a generous size and tasted great with the two salsas.  The re-friend beans were delicious and the rice - OMG!  I know it's just rice, but it might just be the most flavourful rice I've ever eaten.  Full disclosure: I couldn't finish the meal - but not because I didn't LOVE it - there was just so much food!\n\nMy boyfriend had the braised beef tacos, which I tried, and of course, loved!  The meat was so flavourful and the tacos held together so well (which is rare - hard taco shells tend to break apart when you eat them).  His dish came with three tacos with the option to add re-friend beans and rice (which he opted for).\n\nI also ordered a margarita (a must when dining at a Mexican restaurant!).  It was a little different from your standard margarita, as it had blueberries and raspberries, but it was delicious and refreshing (and they definitely don't skimp on the alcohol!).\n\nOur waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu (he did a great job of explaining the different types of margaritas).  The service was quick. And the prices were very reasonable! \n\nI will, undoubtedly, return to this restaurant in the near future.  A must try if you're a fan of Mexican food!
I was visiting from out of town and my friends recommended that we check out Barrio- their favorite taco bar in Cleveland. We arrived before a show around 6 on Saturday night and waited about 10 minutes for a table- beware this place is PACKED! By the time we left their had to be a 40+ min wait.\n\nUpon sitting we were greeted by our server and she walked us through the menu, which consisted mainly of BYO tacos. We started with the trio of queso (really good and cheesy), the pineapple salsa and the pineapple guac. The guac had a really funky taste to it, which we decided was the pickled red onion, that gave it a spoiled taste. I think the red onion was way too vinegary - so be aware when ordering it. \n\nWe all did BYO tacos and I was blown away by the different options you could get- from taco shell, protein, toppings, salsa/sauces. Here's what I ordered:\n\nTACO 1: Corn tortilla, grilled portobellos mushrooms, queso fresco, cilantro, sautéed peppers+onions, salda verde with the cilantro line aioli\nThis was my favorite taco. The portobellos we're cooked perfectly, and the cilantro lime really brought it together. Great options here for vegetarians. \n\nTACO 2: Corn tortilla, braised beef, queso fresco, cilantro + onions, pineapple salsa\nThe braised beef was very flavorful and I loved the sweet combination of it with the pineapple salsa.\n\nTACO 3: Corn tortilla, spice chicken, cilantro, onions, salsa roja, chipotle crema\nThis was a basic taco, but again, it was really good and I throughly enjoyed it. \n\nAfter the food came to the table I instantly regretted (but did I really?) getting 3 tacos. I'm from Charlotte and most of our 'street tacos' are very small (4") so I was expecting that, but these tacos were huge and stuffed with toppings. I mean, with endless toppings how could they not be stuffed?!\n\nOverall, Barrio was good (loved the large selection of taco options), service was fast and the margaritas were tasty! I would def return if I was back in the area again.
This place is awesome.  Food & Service top class.   Must go place .... reasonable priced, big quantities & good friendly staff\n\nWill have to come back  to try other items on the menu.
So my boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch, while we were ordering the waitress seemed lost when I asked her what certain dishes came with and she even grabbed a menu and started reading it out loud to us. We figured she was new so we disregarded it. We didn't get our biscuits until our salads were out which was like 10-15 mins later. My boyfriend is allergic to shrimp so he ordered the sirloin steak PLAIN, we were very clear about that. Our food comes out and there's shrimp on his steak. The waitress that brought the food was not our original waitress so we told her about his allergies and she went back. We were upset since we had to wait again, from the looks of it we were the only table that certain waitress had. LUCKILY, the manager Jimmy came and addressed our concerns and handled the situation immediately. He apologized and even took my boyfriend's meal off the check. After the bad service we were not thinking about going to go back there but thanks to Jimmy we will be back.
Great place to get a free sub on your birthday!
Great dinner and service last night. This is a non for profit restaurant that funds things like the Jazz festival. Our drinks, steak, veg burger, fruit cup and cream brule were great before some Just for Laughs weekend shows.
My husband and I thought "oh awesome! We love burgers!" but when we sat down to look at the menu there were only 5 burgers. Odd...since it's a BURGER bar. Oh well... we ordered the Caprese Flatbread and two BBQ burgers. The flatbread was a cold piece of focaccia with tasteless tomatoes and some bland mozzarella. Not impressed.\nThe burgers were good, messy but good. I was really disappointed that there were so few choices of burgers at this place. Their truffle fries were very good.\nThe staff...well they didn't seem to care that we were there.\n\nSadly we won't be back here. They had potential but for the money they won't get a second chance.
I really liked this place. It's a great addition to the neighborhood. Food was fresh and staff were very friendly. My only recommendation would be to consider scaling back the menu, or maybe highlight 10-12 of the most popular dishes for customers not familiar with Pho - the current menu is really overwhelming.
I managed to come down here during the week when all dishes are $2 each.  I had har gow, siu mia, cheun fun and sticky rice.  Ample size and filling.  The only downside is you don't know how long the ladies have been pushing the cart around as you may get a dish that's cold.  The tea isn't free here like at other Chinese restaurants I have been to in the area.
So this place is bomb dot com! Got the sunrise brunch sammy (dankies) Got the Monte Cristo sammy (double dankies) Got the view from the patio deck (triple dankies) infused water was a bust at 1.50 a piece but still 5 star dankies overall
Three words - The Heart Attack!!\n\nNow, to start...I don't personally order this burger as I could never eat it all.  I always let someone else in my party order it and then steal away a bite or two for myself :)  It's too good not to eat, it's just so large.  The Heart Attack is a burger on the menu...the tastiest burger in TO so far that I've tried, but I may be biased for 2 reasons.  \n\n1) Panagios is located in central Scarborough - an area that doesn't see a lot of good non-franchised burger fare.\n2) I adore corned beef, and the Heart Attack is loaded with corned beef :)\n\nAside from the burger which I recommend, the Eggs Benedict are also wonderful.  I've tried a couple other sandwiches/wraps on the menu, but they weren't too special.\n\nThe actual establishment has adequate free parking, lots of natural light and the service has always been decent.  There are a couple of TVs tuned to CP24, perfect for catching a dose of morning news with coffee and breakkie.
The service is like no other.  You are treated as if you are royalty. If they had a red carpet, I am sure it would be rolled out. The selection of food is top notch and very tasty.  Everything is authentic and seems to be fresh. The atmosphere is a family one, so it's safe to bring the kids. Dancing and karaoke.
Went today for lunch and service was very slow despite there only being 3 tables seated in the entire place. Food is passable but there are better Mexican places in Toronto. Fish tacos were bland and Mexican corn was most just hot and not very flavorful. Chorizo burrito with egg on top was better but un memorable.
Walked in between the lunch time & dinner time rush and immediately got seated at our table. While the place is quite cramped, it had that semi-cozy & loud cantina feel that I felt for a minute that I was in a busy cantina somewhere in Mexico!\n\nWe ordered a pitcher of the "amber" margarita, crab cakes, chicken tinga tostadas, grilled fish tacos and the tres leches cake.\n\nThe crab cakes were on the small side, yet really appetizing that led  us to crave for more of what's to come. Both the chicken tinga tostadas (2 pcs) and the grilled fish tacos (3 pcs) were really really fresh and tasty. I also liked their variation of chili sauces on the table (chopped fresh chilies, chili chipotle, red and green sauces), and yes they were indeed HOT - which were perfect to complement any dish you order. The highlight of the meal was the amazing tres leches cake - satisfyingly moist, decadent, and refreshing all at the same time!\n\nOverall, the food looked like they were not much portion-wise, but don't let that deceive you. \n\nThey have an amazingly tasty and authentic food with great ambience, it'll make you forget you're stil in the city!
Based solely on their gyros: 5 stars.  Absolutely delicious.  Not too much sauce, succulent meat, crisp onions, tomatoes, all on fluffy, chewa pita bread.  I am wowed by the fact that you can choose your size of gyro.  I think a medium gyro (4oz) is perfect for filling you up without overwhelming your stomach.  AND, it's under $5.  Yum, yum, yum.
The best Italian restaurant we have tried. Authentic food that suits any taste buds. Quantities are ample and a dish will easily service two. Tiramisu we had there is the best ever. Will go to Vegas just to visit the restaurant again!.\n\nAmple parking, family friendly and wonderful wait staff.\n\nAlso, they have a big selection of desserts at the counter and seemed to be doing brisk business.
First time customer here and I'm very happy with food and service. The portions are large that I couldn't finish what I ordered. Helen, the server provided exceptional service. The quickest and most attentive server. No complaints here :-)
I've been coming to this Vietnamese restaurant for over 2 years. It has always been consistent. Solid food. Solid service. Will come again and again.
Mmmm what a treat! Duck Donuts's freshly made donuts were just what I needed on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The donuts are made to order and are only $1.20 so you know I couldn't settle for just one. \n\nNaturally, I ordered a half dozen: \n\n1. Glaze with coconut \n2. Orange glaze \n3. Peanut butter glaze\n4. Strawberry glaze with rainbow sprinkles\n5. Maple glaze with bacon\n6. The daily special- cinnamon sugar with vanilla glaze\n\nWow these were awesome! My favorite was the glaze with coconut. It was delectable! The donuts are soft, but also a little crispy around the edges. I liked the fact that you could essentially build your own donut. You can mix and match the glaze (ex: orange glaze with vanilla glazed on top= orange dreamcicle donut). The only downside is that they only have one batter- cake. So don't expect to get a chocolate donut here. \n\nPs. This is also a grab and go location. There are only 3 2 person tables inside with about 6 bar stools along the window, however there are benches outside.
This place is really good and so creative! I'm not a huge donut person and tend to like glaze or sugar donuts, but I was feeling adventurous and wanted to spice it up a bit. I would suggest only eating two donuts for yourself because you will be very full and have a sugar overload. They have so many options and toppings to choose from it's almost overwhelming but in a good way. Definitely kid and family friendly!
Lots of choices in ingredients to build your dream burger.  I appreciate the halal free range meat!  My burger was a little bland, but it did taste fresh.  Many gluten free options and a friendly, knowledgeable staff, great for my wife with Celiac disease.  It was a little pricey and the dining area is nothing to write home about, but I still wish we had a franchise in Michigan.
Very underwhelming to say the least...\n\n$38 plus tip for\n2 burgers\n1 glass of house wine\n1 draft beer\n\nBurgers were okay but this place is charging Scottsdale prices in north phoenix.  Happy hour only 3-5 pm and I think reverse as well.  No daily specials, nothing exciting, oysters were priced at $3.50/each lol.  Probably one and done here for me as I will gladly enjoy a culvers or paradise valley burger company and go to Scottsdale when I want to pay $13 for a cocktail.  Sorry guys, not worth it.
The burger was actually pretty good. Love the shoe string fries. The service wasn't bad. The atmosphere was a little dull though. It felt really tense in the restaurant. I'm not too sure why that was, to be honest, but the food was great.
This place is awesome! The place is packed with elderly people at lunch, and I think that's just because they know what's good and what isn't. \n\nIt's a great diner type place, very casual, very quick service with a great selection of deli sandwiches and more.\n\nIf you're not in the mood for a sandwich, try the souvlaki.  This is one of my favorite places to eat, I love it and would recommend it to everyone.
Visits 5+\n\nAfter numerious visits I will write a review. Even though many people base their experiences on the first visit, which is understandable. No business runs perfect. There's always ups and downs.\n\nI've dined in both the dining room and the bar. If you want to have a quiet dining, I defeinitely recommend the dining room. If you're heading out for a meal and drinks with a 1 or 2 friends the bar is the way to go.\n\nFood and Atmosphere is great. I definietly like how they have a temperature controled room for the red wine. Water is automatically served with a slice of lemon.\n\nrecommendations:\nAppetizers: Fritto Misto, Crab Arancini, Fonduta Fraticelli\n\nMains: Butternut Squah Ravioli. Roasted Mushroom Risotto, Arugula & Prociutto pizza, Lobster Pancetto Pizza\n\nNever had a chance to order dessert yet, so no recommendations.\n\nWine: paired perfectly with the above choices, Chianti Classico 2008\n\nOnly reasion why the score is a 4/5, is because, 1. There was no one to greet us at the door when we arrived, 2. The investors/owners were having a meeting at the bar, they were blocking the walk way to the seating area, even though they heard me say "excuse me" they stood there and didn't move out of the way. That's a BIG nono as an investor/owner of a restaurant.\n\nEnjoy everyone.\n\nTill next time
We got takeout from this place a while back. Overall, I quite enjoyed the food. It would be a 5 star place if their prices where maybe 20-25% lower. We ordered the following items:\n\n- ANCHO BRAISED SHORTRIB-BRISKET CRISPY TACOS\nThis was pretty tasty but very messy to eat. Sauce and grease everywhere. I would order it again.\n\n- POLLO MILANESA CHIPOTLE BURRITO\nThis was really good. Better than the tacos IMO.
This McDonalds is terrible \nThey want to nickel and dime u for everything now they are even trying to charge for expresso in  their Ice Mochas which should come with a set amount as they always did \nManagement sucks they always screw up at this location \nWe will not return which is unfortunate because its right around the corner from where we work and are regular customers
Absolutely delicious ramen! Met Anthony, and he was very knowledgeable and directed me to the Tom Yum.  Loved the lemongrass and the pork belly in the soup had a lovely grilled flavor. We also had the bacon wrapped quail egg and, truffle edamame...winners on both accounts!  This was a fun place to visit, and I know we will be back! Thanks Anthony and thanks to your wonder chef!
Not a bad little joint. Ramen was good, flavorful broth and plenty of ingredients. Staff was friendly and the service time was acceptable. I had the "Kobe beef" skewers and they weren't bad, but I can assure you they were NOT Kobe beef. All in all a decent night out, but probably will not return. It is a little pricey for what you get.
Horrible!  I came here at 10pm was told the kitchen was closed so I couldn't get my free meal hat was offered on my birthday coupon. Ok fine. However, servers were still taking orders and serving food. We went to the bar and sat down. A server named Elizabeth decided to serve everyone around me, even patron that walked up after. She looked right in our faces & chose to serve a patron that just walked up. I went down to the other end, and the manager had to tell someone to serve us. Really? After 15 minutes? The bar area was not that crowded. Overall, I will not be returning here. We left to go find a place that was willing to serve us food and drinks. There's no way I will spend another dime in this place. Horrible service!!!
Firehouse is one of my favorite sandwich shops! I have always gotten the Italian and have never regretten it. Definitely worth a try!
We have been loyal costumers of Pho Linh for the past 2 years; we come here almost once a week and it never fails to deliver the best pho and beef stew noodle soup (i don't remember the exact name but it's a weekday only special) in Toronto.\nI decided to finally write a review after experiencing the frustration of not being able to find a equally good Vietnamese restaurant in The Bay area in the US. \nReally have to appreciate Pho Linh for its consistent cheap and amazing Vietnamese food! Didn't know I would miss it so much until I can no longer have it!  :(
I love Firehouse subs, food is awesome and they always remember my name which is awesome customer service.
Some colleagues and I suggested to go get some Pho for an early lunch. We got there just before 11am and were the only people there. Service was quick and food came quick (obviously). \nAtmosphere: Cute, intimate & fresh. \nCleanliness: tables, chairs, cutlery & dishes were in good condition.\nConstructive criticism: for the servers to have more knowledge on their items they serve. One colleague asked how their item of interest was prepared, and she didn't know. \nCuisine: Vietnamese \nFacilities: needs a good painting and deep cleaning. Looks grimy.\nFood: For appetizers, my colleagues and I ordered the Spring Rolls. There was 4 rolls on this platter. 2 made with grilled pork, and 2 vegetable. The rolls were rather large but the server brought us as scissor to cut in half. This was my second time eating Pho. The portion sizes at this location are large, and the quality of the food is excellent! I ordered The Pho Tai Bo Vien which is Rare Beef & Beef Ball soup. I added two limes and Sriracha hot sauce making this uber tasty. \nLikeliness of returning or recommending to others: I will definitely return. This is a great place for Vegetarians too! I trust their meat quality and freshness of produce. \nParking: Private\nPortion Sizes: filling! my soup was Large. Next time I will order the smaller size serving because I had too much broth left over. \nPrice: my Large soup was $9.00. My spring/fresh rolls were $7.50\nService: only 1 waitress working. Asked a few times for drinks and she seemed forgetful. She didn't come once to our table to check or ask if our meals were good or if we needed any beverage refills.\nSelection: wide variety. If you don't see it on the menu, just ask. Chefs are flexible.
Thank you to my brother for introducing me to this place. I've been here a handful of times for breakfast/brunch. You do get a lot of food for your $$$. I've had the opportunity to try a lot of different dishes here and I can say that not all of them are a hit but majority of them are fantastic! Their pancakes are always nice and fluffy. Their home fries are seasoned very well. They cook your eggs the way you want them and their omelets portions are huge and full of whatever you want. They also have amazing breakfast poutine there. TRY IT! \n\nThe service there is...eh. I mean there are times the wonderful waitresses are amazing and on point and then there are times that you will be sitting there WAITING for one of them to even look your way to refill your coffee. Overall, this location is a 100% better than Markham Station but it is no Cora's. For the amount of money you pay I don't mind that I don't get a lot of "fresh fruits" on my plate. I go here all the time and will continue to do so until further notice. =)
So... some updates here after having sampled the dim sum ecosphere of Toronto. Best place in Toronto for DS, for sure. I love Rol San but-- a little less crazy, equally good food, and cheaper. Top pick in the city, baby! \n--\nInspired by eurocup playing in front of me. Active commentary as dim sum plates stack in front of me. Green pepper stuffed with shrimp. Oily goodness. Delicious. First taste. Feeling the King in Dim Sum King right now. Spinach turnip cake. More turnip than spinach, ratio is week, but liking it. No soy sauce at the table but hot sauce automatic without asking. Oh King, you so different. Comment from the table: turnips can be tasted. Good job on the inefficient purée job. Ten points to the summer intern for doing it right. Just got another plate set down. I think I've officially seen about 200 different waiters and waitresses at this point. King is fuelling the Canadian economy in a big way. TVs everywhere. Iceland and France still 0-0.  Had to take a break. 2-0 France. Have consumed lots of food. Barbecue pork buns good to awesome. Shrimp dumplings and chive and shrimp dumplings so good. Best I've ever had. Siumai top 10 ever had. Octopus curry something something was passable. Seafood pancake ... Wrap it up with a siumai to make an (authentic) Chinese siumai pancake roll-up (18th century delicacy) and it's the best you've ever had. I may sell this out of a food truck soon... Heard it here first.  Overall, really good. Great venue. Fine Toronto dim sum. Ready to go home and nap.
I was very exciting to go here for the first time last week! There was a long line but it moved quickly. The donuts were absolutely delicious  My favorite was chocolate icing with BACON! I thought the prices were very reasonable, especially when you think of other treats like cupcakes which can cost $3-$5/cupcake. My only complaint was that there were not w lot of sprinkles on my batch of donuts. I even saw a sign behind the counter with pictures of appropriate amounts of toppings and my half dozen did not look like the example. Besides that, I plan on going back!!
Really good authentic pho. Rare to find the pho in Toronto with fresh noodles. Broth is flavourful and not too sweet. Meat is tender. Service is fast and typical Asian resrayrant: fast and out, not so much checking in. Ducked 1 star for them only to take cash.
This was our 2nd time there. 1st time was not very good (burgers were overcooked and flatbread was dry like cardboard), but thought we would give them another try. This time was horrible. There were 3 tables in the restaurant and it took over 30 minutes to get food to our table. Both the sliders and charr burger, ordered medium, we well done and too dry to eat. They offered to make new burgers, but since it took 30 minutes to get our food, there was not enough time to wait for them to make new food.\n\nThe table next to us also had overcooked burgers and were also upset.\n\nToo bad, we live close, but would rather make the drive to Delux.
I'm a Texan and my girlfriend is from San Diego, so we know good Mexican when we eat it, and this is excellent Mexican. The dishes were fresh and authentic, and I can't recommend the Margaritas highly enough. Splurge a little and try some of the more expensive blends - seriously the best margaritas I've ever had.
BEST chili naan I have ever had ... Crispy underneath and soft and fluffy on top !!!! The service was EXCELLENT !!! Would highly recommend it . Nice ambiance too . Quiet place not very busy but well worth visiting
Was a humid evening and we decided to sit on the patio. We were lucky to get the best seats on the patio, without any wait. That's surprising given how small the place is and that we had not made reservations. Each of us got a drink and we decided to try the home made salsa  and guacamole. \n\nWe get our drinks and the apps and are having a good conversation. 5 minutes later, to our terrible luck, it starts pouring. We ask the server if he could move us to a table inside. The place is an converted home, so I'm worried we won't be seated for a while. Meanwhile, couple of my friends barely moved. Yes, the salsa was that good. Spectacular to say the least. \n\nOur server moved us inside within 5 minutes and we didn't complain. We placed orders and the food took about 15-20 minutes. The server spoke highly of the baja fish tacos, but I was a little disappointed. I think it could have used some more flavor. The chicken tacos were surprisingly better. One of my friends got the huevos rancheros which was an enormous portion and was quite good.\n\nAll in all, a great experience. Will definitely go back.
This place is worth the 25 minute out of the way drive! The staff is friendly and the donuts never disappoint!
Pretty fantastic.  Each day there is a really great lunch special.  In fact a few to choose from.  This is a nicer place to eat.  While you wait, Chai tea keeps you company.  Give it a shot!
I have to say these burgers were AWESOME. I was in town from Washington and everyone here always raved about Hero burger. I finally tried it and now I know what everyone was talking about.
This is our go to place for breakfast in scarborough.   Decent places are hard to come by out here and this place is the best.  Great breakfast potatoes and good size portions.  I like the scrambled eggs.  Seems like you can't mess up scrambled eggs, but believe me, it happens.\n\nThe line can get long as it is a small place so go early  on weekends.
For mall food, this was alright. Good Indian food, quite flavourful. I had the daily special - Chicken Madras. The chicken breast pieces were tender. The only thing is they put a lot of rice, only a few pieces of chicken and drowned it in sauce.
Okay, so it may not be that big and it's not what most of us had expected but they had to use the space they were given. I have heard they are expanding and since I've been back, they had added several more games along with fixing the broken games. Although they may not have had what I expected, I'm still happy with going to Gameworks and playing their games.\n\nThe service is pretty good except I did find it annoying when the barista in the bowling area would rather be texting on her phone or flirting with the one guy behind the bar than serving other customers. I had to ask the bowling attendants to get my drink. I understand it's slow, but it would be nice if someone looked up occasionally. But the rest of the staff are very nice and helpful.
My wife and I walked in and they said they were full and ask us to go to the lounge side. We went there and nobody served us. Server was talking on their own so one server walk by and i waved at her. I said excuse me and waved her at the same time and she walked right by me. Are you Serious??? We got up and left this suppose to be a upper class restaurant. Management should realize this!!!
Well I am not the best person to ask about East Indian cuisine. It would not be on my list of top choices. So that being said, I will share my impressions of Tanroori Times. I have been there twice for lunch. Both times my party had the same waitress, and both times she was so slooooowwwww. The second time she accidentally charged us for 2 instead of 4 chicken lunch specials. We were honest --  pointing out the undercharge. She proceeded to totally screw up the change (pocketing the $24 cash) and then overcharging the three debit cards as if we did not supply cash as well. If I did not know better I would have said she was blonde. Sheeshh.\n\nThey desperately need some sort of new ventilation system. It smells like all the smoke from the kitchen is not venting out correctly. The AC is way too cold. Several in my party were cold. And the bathrooms were gross. The food was tasty, but I'll pass on this one next time.
Was doing some Christmas Shopping with my Son and decided to stop by this joint based on the great reviews we saw on Yelp.  I've passed this place at least 100x and have never stopped to give it a try.  I'm glad I did.\n\nBetween the two of us, we ordered Wings w/Med Sauce ($10), Sliders w/Fries ($10), and Momma's BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger w/half Fries & half Onion Rings($10).  Our server Joanna, who was very nice, helped us select these items.  First up was the Wings.  They were pretty good.  Joanna recommended getting the Med Sauce for the flavor but having the Hot Sauce on the side for the heat.....it worked!  It was very good.\n\nMy Son had the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and it was huge!  He said he enjoyed it.  I tried some of his Onion Rings....they were thick, crunchy, Beer-battered, and soooo good!  The Onions had a nice sweet flavor to them that went well with the Beer-batter crust....pure awesome!\n\nMy Sliders were pretty good....I wouldn't say they were great, but good.  They were slightly overcooked....well done.  I think the cook took them off the grill Med-Well and then it got Well-Done between the kitchen and the table.  They had good flavor though and the Bread was really good...the best part of the dish.\n\nOverall, we had a great lunch and Joanna was especially helpful.  She has a great personality and made us feel welcome and special.\n\nWill we return?  We spotted a few other items on the menu we want to try, so next time we're in the area, we plan to come back.
Stake wraps and sweet potato fries are D'lish !! haven't tried all the salads and wraps but this place has not disappointed me yet my girl co-workers say the cashier is creepy lol but out side of that I got nothing bad to say it's clean small cute place decent service healthy n good food can't complain me my self personally
Unfortunately, the best happy hour in the area has changed. There beer specials are fine if u like domestic beer but if u want a good craft beer go somewhere else. Too bad I like the bartenders and the TVs but u can fine those at most bars.
OMG - these donuts are sooooooooooooooooooooo good. Usually my brother-in-law brings them over to our house, I have only been to the actual store once, which was insanely overcrowded, but, the line did move quickly. Their donuts are amazing. Get the French Toast donut. They are thick and delicious and reasonably priced.
Tandoori Times offers some of the most delicious Indian cuisine in the Valley served in a nice atmosphere.  A la carte prices are a bit on the high side but it's absolutely worth the quality and freshness.  Big fan!
I'm in town for the week, and was looking for a place nearby with vegetarian options. I found Pho Noodles on Yelp and after reading the reviews was excited to try it. \n\nIt didn't disappoint! Delicious cheap food that came out very quick! \nI got my veggie and tofu spring rolls in under 5 minutes! My fresh taro smoothie came out soon after and the delicious Veggie Pho less than 10 minutes after my spring rolls. Everything was very authentic and tasty. The restaurant itself was clean and not too packed around 7pm, but with a decent number of people coming in and out. Clearly a popular place, and after eating the delicious food I can see why! I will be back next time I'm craving Pho in Phoenix
Hubby and I decided to "eat outside the box" for our latest date night. This is definitely a good place to go if you typically don't have a very adventurous palate! The music was a *tad* loud and our server was on the slow side, but otherwise we had a great experience trying some new dishes. I had the lamb curry and it was very good. Hubby had the Saturday special, some kind of beef (can't remember the name) and it was very good and just a little spicy. The garlic naan and basmati rice were to die for!
I live in NYC and visit my parents in Henderson often always disappointed with the food out here. It's far from what I'm used to in NYC. We tried Trattoria Italia and it is AMAZING! Friendly, delicious, and reminded me of home. If you want nyc style Italian food in a casual environment... eat here! Love it! Will return often.
Great patio for warm weather! Had a great time with friends enjoying good tacos, amazing guac, and yummy drinks. \n\nThe outdoor patio sells this place! Especially enjoyable in the evening with decorative lights and relaxing music.
First - Brian is an EXCELLENT Waiter! Wifey & I had a cup of Minestrone soup, the best around. Wifey had Veal Marsala with corkscrew pasta VERY Good and nice portions and I had lasagna which I usually finish but took half home, Excellent.  one Lager and iced tea $45.00. WE WILL RETURN! Right Bernadette Connus!!!
Went here for lunch today. Luckily, I arrived about 12:10 because they don't open until noon. It is a nice place. It is clean, has nice decor, cool aquariums. I got the lunch special Box Bento with teriyaki chicken. I like the salad and dressing albeit a little too salty. The California rolls were good and the soy sauce seemed to be of good quality. The chicken was moist and tender. The service was prompt (the place was empty). I will return.
I've been coming here for years and I've never had a problem . McDonald's is McDonald's , it's not a luxurious restaurant, it's fast food. They do what they're meant to do well.
Just like JC from Phoenix on 4/29, the very next day on 4/30 I was here with two friends. One had a mediocre burger and two of us got sick on the fish and chips. Pepto for days. Either the fish or the oil was very bad and the beer battering was soggy and disgusting!  Our waiter was fairly new he said and was friendly and attentive, with just a tad to learn. I can't say service was bad, but so many others do that I think we got lucky. I doubt the owners care since bad reviews go back years. Don't waste your money here!
I'm the type of person that doesn't eat out a lot and we find this place pretty good compare to congee queen just down the street. This place has a lot less MSG than any HK cafe or congee place. Service was decent but what matters the most is the food taste. I would recommend this place over other congee places
Tasty but nothing to get terribly excited about, and sheesh are they expensive.  3 sandwiches, one of which was a medium, cost us $32.00.  The medium was actually quite small, it would have been at home on a plate in Barbie's Country Kitchen.
meh.\nhave you ever been to a popeye's on a "good day?" it's amazing.\nHave you even been to a popeye's on an "off day?" it's okay\nThis place is like a popeyes on an off day\n\nChicken is gloppy with fat.\nBiscuit is pretty good.
They taste GREAT!! Except that it came in sooooo much we only managed to finish half of the dishes. On the down side, there were only 1 waitress serving in the not so busy morning breakfast session so had to wait a little bit if you want to order.
This restaurant is as good as it gets when it comes to comfort mexican. It wasn't too noisy, or expensive, or salty. Everything was just right. I took my parents, and my father who is the salt police was even surprised how well seasoned everythign was. The staff were great, and the drinks - delish! I would definitely recommend this resto to friends.
A good local spot for townies. Sushi is great once it actually comes to your table. Rumor has it the sushi chef will not allow anyone to serve sushi if he is not present. Be prepared to wait about 1 1/2 hours for sushi to be served. Hire another sushi chef already. If the food/sushi came out quicker I'd give it a 4.5 rating. What a pain if you want sushi on his off days.  Wait time for food is too long. Serving staff is very friendly and kid friendly.
I love this place. I'm so glad they're here. My father inlaw is not a salad person but he loved the kale salad, he even had second helpings. We ordered the zucchini, pollo, and spicy shrimp tacos,  calamari, and corn. Everything we had is excellent. The staff are friendly and attentive. The atmosphere inside and outside is great. Definitely 5/5 stars!
An abomination against god, Beelzebub, and man.\n\nWhite people owe Mexico yet another apology for this one. How the hell are there multiple locations for this restaurant. Absolutely shameful. Everything tastes like a child getting creative with store bought, pre made taco ingredients. Nothing authentic about it at all. Everything was either too sweet or too salty (including the quacamole). Honestly, don't come here. If you want Ortega brand taco spices, pre shredded bag cheese, and canned beans... go to the supermarket. Nothing is cooked right, and even the tortillas are bad. At 4 bucks a pop, I'd rather get punched in the dick than ever eat here again. The wait stuff is nice and fast, but seriously, the food is worse than vomit. You will like this food if you enjoy being chained up in a basement and hit in the mouth over and over again with a lead pipe. Seriously, cool angst music and sugar skulls don't make food good. What the fuck? There really must not be a god. The most fun we had eating here is trashing the trash food. If you fed it to your dog I would call the ASPCA on you. It is the Chef Boy-r-D of Mexican food, if Chef Boy-r-D was Pietro Manzoni, that artist who pooped in cans.
first, i'm not sure who decided this place wasn't good kids. unless you plan on saddling up to the bar with child in tow (if you do this, you should officially be labeled 'not good for kids'), i don't see why you couldn't bring the little ankle-biters along. we brought a 6-year-old, and she loved it. they even have a kids' menu.\n\nwe went on a sunday night, and everything was perfect. if you haven't yet had a hamburger on a huge garlic knot, you haven't lived. the fries are also excellent.\n\nthe decor is very minimal and nice. it's in a strange part of town for being so hipster-ish. i hope they survive.
Oh, no. Never again. So much buzz. So many positive reviews. Perhaps different strokes for different folks.\n\nI was in after the lunch rush. The crew was polite but they all looked like they needed a nap. It was my first time in (and my last) and there were missed opportunities. I suppose it's a bit much to ask employees in a fast food place to greet with something like, "Hi! Welcome to Firehouse Subs. Have you dined with us before?"\n\nI picked the New York steamer. The meat was good. The bread was OK. But, the sandwich was just murdered with a huge slathering of mayo. I had it to go and couldn't deal with scraping out the mayo while also driving.\n\nHad I been asked if it was my first visit, I imagine the employee could have really helped me get a great sub.\n\nOne star due to lackluster staff who clearly didn't care one little bit about service and a sandwich which, if made to the recipe, tasted gross.
This place doesn't look like much from the street. If I hadn't seen the yelp reviews I probably wouldn't have eaten here. Excellent food, and friendly service. Their soup is my favorite. If you order it as take out you get the piping hot broth separately from the noodles,  vegetables, hot sauce and herbs. Then you can combine them however you like. Yum!
Customizable tacos, delicious margaritas, queso and guac that are to die for, and bottomless chips and salsa...all for a low price!  Their happy hour is great too - I believe it's $3 margaritas and $1 off tacos (or something like that).  Yes it's almost always busy and you're probably going to have to wait for a table, but in my opinion it's definitely worth it.  Overall, this Barrio is a great addition to the neighborhood and you can never go wrong by eating here.
One of our favorite neighborhood restaurants! Great burgers and a lot of other options. Kids menu is perfect for our little ones too.
This is a great place for kids of all ages to play a wide variety of arcade games, ranging from high-end video games (sit inside of a capsule, with wrap-around screens) right down to those silly games you find at other venues that spit out paper tickets you can redeem for nearly worthless prizes.  Needless to say, there's something here for everyone, including even gaming consoles!\n\nIf you're there over mealtime, there's also a bar and a full-service restaurant within the facility.  We didn't partake at the bar, so I'll leave that for others to review.  The food was average at best, and the although the hostess and waitstaff were friendly, it was very clear that none of them were enthusiastic about being there.  Even with a lot of open tables, it took over 30 minutes to seat our party, and when they did, the tables were cleared but still dirty.  It appeared everyone wanted to be working somewhere else, or not at all.  This strikes me as odd since GameWorks is located in Town Square and is essentially surrounded by other dining options.  With average food and below average staff, and access to a big variety of food within just a few minutes walking distance, it seems GameWorks might want to stick to its primary purpose and make better use of the space by putting in a small snack bar, and using the rest of the floor space for more games.\n\nI'll definitely go back with my son to play more games, but we won't eat there again.  No point paying the price for decent food but being served mediocre food when there are so many other options right there.  So go to game, not to eat.
I would give this ZERO star if I could. \n\nOver priced food items. Inconsistent quality on food. One dish was flavourless while the other was too salty. \n\nService was the worst. They give you dirty looks when you ask for a table. They give you 'tsk' snickers when you order your food because you almost couldn't decide between your family on what to get. Sounds like their staff are very impatient. \n\nWorst of all is they are friendly to regulars. \nReally? The food for a restaurant is only a small portion - don't forget about service and ambiance/environment!
Sure, I like video games & especially the nostalgia invoked of playing Pac-Man, etc. in the 80s. My hands don't move that fast now but it's still fun! You have to remember that this is a place for the kiddos so it will be crazy/loud etc. If that gets to be too much, they do have adult beverages. In case you haven't been to an arcade since the 80s, they now have cards onto which they load 30, 60 minutes etc. of play time. So you can leave the quarters at home! \n\nI've been here a few times for various events, and for my birthday last year after they sent me a deal for free gaming for up to 6 people for 30 minutes and a birthday treat from the restaurant for me! That worked out as I had visitors in town who were up for some free video gaming. I'm a skee ball fan and also prefer the racing games (of which they have a few here) and so that was an enjoyable birthday stop!
I normally don't like donuts but the soft, cake like consistency with the sweetness of the maple glaze and saltiness of crispy bacon (and some coconut flakes for extra flavor) had me drooling and lucky my fingers before I noticed I'd scarfed up the whole donut. Super good!
Not the best Ramen in Phoenix, but the best we've had in NW Phoenix. The Ma La and Gangnam Ramen were very good. The amount of meat was on the small side but very tasty. Both broths and noodles were excellent and on par with ramen we have had in Asia.  Service was good and fast. Decent selection of draft beer for happy hour. We'll be back.
I was expecting something like a Subway but instead got high quality meats and a very nice experience. Pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food, the pricing and the atmosphere.  Plus... They donate back to the community.
Grab decent sandwiches and gyros, and enjoy live music if it's scheduled.  I was addicted as a student and still enjoy stopping in when I visit C-U, but it's a simple joint.  Right on campus near the quad.
La qualité de la nourriture est au rendez-vous. De plus, vous pouvez amener votre propre alcool. Nous avions de la bière à l'érable pour l'occasion. Les petits pains maisons étaient terriblement bons. L'omelette soufflée est quelque chose. Les fèves au lard et minis tourtières sont  très bonnes. Un seul dessert au menu. Le service était impeccable. J'y retournerai.
I went there and I ordered a large rare beef to go came hone and I had 3 pieces of meat and almost no been sprouts I was pissed I called and complaining because obviously I was hungry and I wanted more than three pieces of meat she said oh well the chef put the same amount of meat for all of them so I got even more mad nice excuse me I paid for a large you're telling me that they put the same amount and regardless of the size so why would I be paying for a large and getting a small you're ripping people off she wouldn't do anything for me saying I'm not in control I can't do anything next time I'll just give you more meat I want it was so mad Plus to make matters worse my boyfriend went and walked into the kitchen and it was filthy there was literally a bowl of meat sitting on the floor it was disgusting boy caught it I swear to God I will never ever ever ever again it is disgusting and they are rude and they rip you off I wish I could knew how to delete my old review
$2.50 pork chops that are similar to cutlet pork chops (the Chinese term for an almost panko breading on a deep fried pork chop).\n\nThey changed owners about three months ago. Some things are better now (the deep fried fish with corn sauce, although the batter on the fish isn't as light as I'm used to), but some things are odd. The curry chicken is chunks of battered chicken, not just straight up chunks of chicken, and their sweet and sour pork doesn't look like sweet and sour pork. Their green beans with minced pork and preserved veggie is absolutely delicious. I could eat bowls of rice with this dish alone, and I usually eat about two spoons of rice in a given meal (not a fan of rice unless I have something to shovel it down with). \n\nParty Trays:\nThey can turn the majority of the items on their menus into party trays. Two sizes. The first feeds (as in makes them full) about 6-7? Maybe a bit more depending on the people. The second feeds about 15-20? Their fried rices and their fried noodles/vermicellis/hor funs, etc. in party tray form are a great party option because they're so ridiculously cheap! The smaller one isn't as good of a deal, but the larger one costs about $34-38? Something like that. And they pack them full of whatever rice/noodle option you chose. I fed 35 people, majority teenagers two of these trays, had leftovers, and it cost me under $100 including tax.
Oh man...what an outstanding meal!  Family and I showed up without a reservation (early) on a Saturday night and they were extremely accommodating.  Wife started off with a margarita cocktail that she loved so much she had a second.\n\nWe started the table off with some appetizers...homemade chips, salsa and guacamole were all flavorful (especially the salsa with its slight kick).  Chips had just been fried so they were pillowy yet crisp.\n\nFor dinner, we ordered several dished for the four of us to share.  The ancho beef short rib tacos were hearty and oily-saucy but our favorite dish on the table. The chorizo burrito was spicy and had two great sauces (one red and one green) and an over-easy egg on top.  My wife loves fish tacos, so that was dish #3...she loved them!\n\nFun (intimate) atmosphere in a lively setting.  Given the chance we will definitely be back.
This was my favorite place to get Gyros in town. Despite the heated debate over who had the best gyros (Zorba's vs. Niro's Gyros), I always sided with Zorba's, the 'fixins' added to the gyro (tomato, onions and whatever else you wanted) were always fresh and great quality, something that NIro's seemed to lack on more than one occasion.\n\nZorba's had daily specials (like Groovy Tuesdays: one dollar off classic gyro meals) which kept me coming back every Tuesday I attended classes at the University of Illinois. \n\nHowever, on Wednesday March 23, 2011 Zorba's was affected by the fire that started in the apartments above the business. As of now, I don't know when, if ever they'll re-open their shop on Green St. But here's to hoping!
Ich dachte mir heute so als ich in der Stadt war, wieso immer nur MCD, Subway Burger King oder so. Wieso nicht mal eine alternative. Ich bin schon oft an dem Laden vorbei gelaufen und heute hab ich die Gelegenheit genutzt und mir ein Sandwich bestellt.\n\n\n Ein Sandwich des Typen Hawaii. Da sollten laut Tafel Ananas, Beeren, Schinken und Kiwis drauf sein.\n\n\n Nachdem ich gesehen hatte was da alles drauf ist (lag in der Auslage) habe ich mir so meine gedanken gemacht.\n\n\n Es war (welker) Salat drauf, Trauben, Apfelscheiben, Ananas, Kiwi, Schinken und eine mir bis zu diesem Moment Paste.\n\n\n Ich hab dann erstmal eins Bestellt.\n\n\n Nur mit Ananas, Schinken, und Käse überbacken (Aufpreis pflichtig 0,50.-).\n\n\n Ich habe dann permanent beim belegen sagen müssen das nicht, das nicht, das nicht usw. (Kiwi, Apfel, Trauben, Erdbeeren)\n\n\n Die Verkäuferin scheint das sehr gestört zu haben. Man hat sich regelrecht unwillkommen gefühlt.\n\n\n Ich habe dann leider nicht gefragt aus was die Paste bestehend und so wurde dann diese Paste noch mit drauf gestrichen.\n\n\n Nach ca. 5 Minuten war das Sandwich dann fertig.\n\n\n Erster biss, ok. Zweiter biss - brrrrrr\n\n\n Die Paste bestand aus Meerrettich.\n\n\n Ich habe das Sandwich dann, das mich 4,50.- gekostet hat in die Tonne geschmissen.\n\n\n Fazit:\n\n\n Negativ:\n\n\n Wenn man nicht unbedingt zur Mittagszeit kommt kann es passieren das man welken Salat und schon an/austrocknenden Belag auf seinem Sandwich bekommt.\n\n\n Wenn das Personal sich nun noch einen Ruck gibt, und einem nicht mehr das Gefühl gibt das man besser in den Subway der nur 10m davon entfernt ist gegangen wäre, hätte ich mich vieleicht auch wohler gefühlt.\n\n\n Positiv:\nDie Preise sind für die größe des Sandwiches in Ordnung.
This is my third time going there and will be my last time.  We have 3 people and I don't know why they only give us one pair of chopsticks. OK,fine I ask 2 pair of chopsticks. I have no idea what did the waitress said when she is turning her back..Fine. \nWe order 3 dishes and ask the waitress how is the taste of one of the dish like.she explain to us and said the dish is popular.   We order it but she want the code number of the dishes.  OK I told her the no.  When one of the dish come,I said this is not the one I order.  She said you give me the wrong number.  I said you tell me the dish is good ,how could you get it wrong.  Her attitude is so bad and shout out that is my fault right in front of other customer.   I am really mad and OK,now I decided not going there anymore.   I think this restaurant won't last long.
Luke's has a solid Chicago dog.  They rock all of the traditional fixings needed to qualify for a Chicago dog and their fries are always perfect.  If you want the ideal side to dip your fries ask for a small side of cheese sauce.  They just moved to their new location (it's in the same complex just one storefront down) and they now have a different phone #. Don't bother trying to call the phone # on their website or on their Google Places until they get that updated. Just stop by and order- it's delicious.
I find myself underwhelmed each time I'm here. It is a solid breakfast place, with plenty of options but nothing that blows me away. For every good thing, there seems to be a negative so you end up feeling like, meh it was okay.  As an example, the home fries are executed really well with great seasoning. Absolutely the best thing on my dish. On the other hand, I ordered the three eggs to be soft poached but they came almost fully hard. I was disappointed since eggs is a basic staple of any breakfast joint, and should have been the first thing to be done correctly. Meh, have had better.
The wait staff is friendly and bends over backward to make sure you get what you need. They gave my husband a taste of a few beers so he could decide what he wanted. Food was yummy; specifically the truffle fries.
Too expensive for take out/ food court food!\n\nIf you're craving Indian, go to a sit down restaurant nearby and get better food and  probably pay the same amount.
This place is my husband's guilty pleasure.   I, however, am not a huge meat eater but, to simply put it, amazing smoked meat and corn beef sandwiches.  Enormous portions - I swear like five inches high - there is no way most people could eat one of those sandwiches (and fries) in one sitting.  Speaking of the fries, did I mention that they make the best fries and gravy ever - so old school but so enjoyable.
Boyfriend and I have been here quite a few times - when we wanna do something nice but are too lazy to do something super nice downtown.\n\nWe always ALWAYS get the short ribs (without the sage, do not like). It's so so good. The meat falls off the bone and it's so yummy. The mash potatoes...ugh no words. \n\nThen there's the parmigiana (chicken) that we get too, along with a salad. They also serve this bread that has herbs on top that you dip in oil and I just...I get full off that bread.\n\nThe only thing is that they've made little mistakes with our meal here and there for which they've amended by offering a dessert on the house or a coupon for a free appetizer for our next visit (Maybe that's why we've been so many times). One time our pasta was cold to the touch. Another time the mash potatoes that comes with the short tasted so off I couldn't eat it (too much blue cheese mixed in...don't be turned off I don't like blue cheese either but I love the mash potatoes!)\n\nI've ordered soft drinks and just water. I've had a amaretto sour. \n\nWe've had the cheesecake and they used to have a vanilla gelato drowned in espresso on their menu but they took it off. I ask for it though and they make it for me, so you can still try it.\n\nGo try it!
My husband and I went to Charr a few weeks ago.  I purposefully waited to write this since we wanted to re-try a couple of other places nearby for comparison.  We had 2 wedge salads, 2 burgers, an order of onion rings and 3 beers.  $60.  In the next two weeks we went to a nearby sports bar/Italian place and a brewpub.  For similar quantities, the price was $35 at one place and $38 at the other, both similar quality.  I have a hard time justifying the higher price tag, especially considering how loud it was at Charr, it was difficult to have a conversation.  The beer selection is good, but overpriced as was the case with everything.  Doing a la carte will be a tough sell when that is not what everyone else does.  We may return but not often unless the value gets better.  I wish them well but would encourage them to consider some changes that will price them more competitively.
I got the french toast and potatoes wedge, it was a solid choice. They have an interesting brunch menu, which essentially gives you a breakfast item and a lunch item (e.g. chicken and waffles). They also have $2 mimosa (I think you have to buy a brunch item though, but odds are that's why you are there if you want a mimosa). The mimosa was good, especially for only $2. The brunch menu was a little pricey, but overall it was pretty good. I'd go again.
Excellent food choices, service and flavor. The presentation is top notch at an affordable prices
Talk about a hidden gem.  \n\nThe Divine Cafe at the Springs Preserve is serving up some good eats and it doesn't seem that many people know about it.  I came here several years ago and it's changed management since then.  All that matters now is that you should come and check it out.\n\nThe patio has a great view of the Strip or you can sit inside where there are plenty of tables as well as high-tops.  Located at the Springs Preserve, I've seen a mixture of customers, from business folks having lunch meetings to moms and kids eating before or after their time exploring the Preserve.  Being in the Springs Preserve is part of what makes this café so divine:  you can use the trails to walk or run, visit the museums, then grab a bite here.  \nThe menu offers salads, small bites, burgers, sandwiches, pizza (gluten-free crust available), a kids' menu, plus the excellent desserts.  You should come here if you want to have the root beer float with the Oreo-dusted churro or the Hazelnut Chocolate Beignets or just have both; I've had both and they're both highly recommended.\nService has been top-rate and there is just an overall relaxed vibe here with people enjoying the atmosphere and their meals.\nDiscover Divine Café soon and see what you've been missing.\n\nHOURS:\nMonday-Friday: 11:00am-3:00pm\nSaturday-Sunday:  10:00am-4:00pm\nHAPPY HOUR ON THURSDAYS:  4:00pm-8:00pm\n\n*Note: you can get a trail pass for free if you just want to walk the grounds without paying for the museums or exhibits, especially if you come on a regular basis.  I come here with my girlfriend and her baby and we just use the trails.\nJust stop at the ticket booth first and they'll give you a pass.
You know, sometimes you just need some old school ghetto Italian food, and the OG services that purpose for me! \n\nYes....I am a fan of Olive Garden, THERE I said it! I could live off of their salad and bread sticks alone! \n\nI always order the same thing and it always tastes the same. That's one thing a chain restaurant like the OG has going for them, consistently the same. Doesn't matter where I go in the U.S. my eggplant parmigiana will always taste and look the same. \n\nLast Friday I didn't want to cook and I wanted Italian. Since we are still somewhat new to the 'hood and don't know all the local spots yet, we jumped in the car and went to Olive Garden. When we pulled up there were people EVERYWHERE, like laying in the grass outside of the restaurant all homeless style. I thought for sure it would be an hour wait, but the hostess said 20-30 minutes. We saddled up to the bar, got an adult beverage and 20 minutes later we were being shown to our seat. \n\nI must say, our waiter was FANTASTIC! His name was Will and he deserves a raise! He was on top of the ball, had a bit of cheese about him on the delivery of his lines, but it was never annoying (I HATE when waiters pour on the cheese and don't know when to stop, or how to be funny) But no Will, dude was all over it and great! \n\nOur dinners arrived fast, tasted great and our drinks never got low.
Having heard nothing but great things, and with my foodie boyfriend in town for only one more night, I knew this was our best bet for a date night. We called several times earlier in the day, but couldn't get through. After booking a reservation elsewhere, I called one last time. I was told they had 48 requests for reservations overnight and a table was unlikely. They sensed my disappointment and offered to wait list us and call if something came up. An hour later they called with availability for 2. Yesss!\nWe arrived early and ordered a margarita while we waited for our table. The hostess recommended the Amber Margarita, it was a great choice If your looking to stick to the classics, not too sweet. One was enough. \nNow seated and keeping with our preference of asking waiters for recommendations, we ordered Guacamole Fresca and Ceviche of the Day (Marlin) as apps and Ancho Braised Brisket Tacos for him and Chile Rellenos for me. \nOur eyes were exceedingly bigger than our bellies. Next time we will share an entrée, or skip the apps altogether, but wanting to explore the menu as much as possible, we ordered and took a doggie bag for the next days lunch. \nThe guacamole was good... fresh, flavorful and not too garlicky. The medium heat was more like mild, next time I'll give the hot a try. \nThe ceviche was a little disappointing. Coming off a trip to San Francisco where I had excellent ceviche at Fresca for the first time, my standards were maybe a bit high. The blend was fresh and citrusy, with a great kick of heat. I would have preferred if the fish was more tender and not chopped into the same small cubes as everything else in the mix. Also, it might be because I got my tortilla fill on the guac, but I would have preferred the ceviche was served with plantain chips for variation. \nThe tacos were some of the best I've had. Smokey and tender meat filled the flaky, soft shells. Served with their delicious seasoned rice, crema and salsa, it was the perfect Mexican meal. At least until we tried the oaxacan cheese stuffed rellenos. Breaded, fried, and placed on top of creamy tomato sauce, it was mouthwatering. With the rice, guac and salsa at its side, it was the perfect mix of flavours and textures. The only problem with this entree is that it made me regret ordering the apps because I could only have a few bites before feeling completely stuffed. \nI cannot wait to go back, intentionally order less, so I can fully enjoy my entire meal while it's hot and fresh. Service was good. The vibe is casual and cool, mixed with authentic Mexican decor.
We were searching for a cheap breakfast place because Cora's was packed. We found this place nearby, were seated within five minutes, and served probably within 10 minutes (all on a busy Sunday morning). I was a bit skeptical just because I thought nothing could beat Cora's breakfast but this place has the most tastiest breakfast I've ever tasted in a restaurant. The home fries are amazing!!  I got Carlito's Way which is scrambled eggs with cheese and tomatoes with a green salsa on top the eggs, two slices of toast, a decent portion of home fries, and two slices of fruit at the side. My sister got the Big Breakfast which included eggs, toasts, bacon and sausages, two pancakes, home fries, and two slices of fruit. We both LOVED our meals. I also loved the homey feeling of the restaurant. It was nothing fancy but nonetheless very homey with amazing food. \n\nI've found my new breakfast spot! Will definitely be returning and will be recommending this place to everyone.
Very good sushi.  I was quite impressed.  A bit of a drive since I live in Phoenix, but definitely work going to for occasions.  Went on an early Sunday evening and it was nice and quite.  Intimate little place.
$1.20 (including tax) for a made to order fresh hot moist donut with a choice of 10 icings and toppings? Yes please. The staff was incredibly friendly.  The doughnut (I went with maple drizzle and bacon pieces) was one of the best delights I've put in my mouth in a long time. Highly highly recommend.
I'm a platinum starwood member and thought the hotel was up to par.  Nothing amazing, but was exactly as expected.  Clean, upgraded room on the club floor and an updated and larger gym.  Great location, just off the highway and near a few good restaurants.  Great for work travel, very close to my office.
If you're a regular in the Dilworth or South End neighborhood and haven't been to Duck Donuts, you don't know what you're missing! They serve hot, made to order custom donuts. When I say custom, I mean anyway you want it. How about a vanilla glaze with coconut flakes and raspberry drizzle? Don't be shy, they cater to your preferences.\n\nIf you know you're going to place a big order with a lot of different flavored donuts, go ahead and grab an order sheet on the stand as soon as you walk in and fill it out. That way you can hand it to the cashier when you're ready and keep the line moving. Make sure to grab whatever they're sampling near the service counter as well!\n\nFirst time here? My suggestion is the crowd favorite Maple-Bacon with Salted Caramel Drizzle. A bit more plain but my favorite is the Cinnamon Sugar with Raspberry Drizzle. You really can't go wrong with any combination you choose. You even get to watch them make it right in front of you!\n\nCan you get cheaper donuts in Charlotte? Maybe. But after you've found your favorite at Duck, why would you want to go anywhere else?
It is decent food if you are wanting clogged arteries. So much grease, I have to ask for extra napkins to dap the grease from the meat.
Gyros are soooo tasty, I keep coming back for more. Price is okay and service is fast. Only complaint would be portion size for their salads...their small was much smaller than in most places, but it was yummy. Seriously try their gyros.
Pleasant surprise. Spicy miso ramen had an above average broth and a 'just right' kick with tasty ingredients. Korean short rib yakitori was the star, smoky and delicious. Crispy guitar far above average. Anime entertainment is different. Korean BBQ next door opening soon. Two thumbs up.
Pho Noodles has become my latest addiction. They are quick, friendly, affordable, and scrumptious. What else does one need? I regularly get #22 or #25 because I LOVE tripe. Call me crazy, but it's a texture thing. Unlike similar Vietnamese restaurants in the area, they don't skimp on the ingredients that make pho fun to eat. They also have mean vegetarian pho options and they load in the bok choy. Plenty of parking available as well, which is just the icing on the cake. 5 stars from me!!
Ate there last night. Place should be great with nice surroundings, quality ingredients, and diverse menu. Restaurant failed at the two key places. A brand new server who was slow and inefficient was irritating, but the real sin was over cooking the burgers. 4 people at the table ordered medium and 1 was served medium and 3 well done.  I assume the beef was as high quality as everything else, but I had no way to tell with meat that over cooked.
Horrible service!  Walked in and was told there was a 10-15 minute wait. Sat down and saw people getting seated that came in after I did. Walked up and the hostess. She said, sorry you're next. The service sucks here. Night was ruined before I got my food.
I am so sorry to have to do this, I do feel that if you can't say anything nice, ... well, you know ... so I don't.  But this restaurant is awful, despite the fact that they just remodeled.  I tried it a month ago because I wanted to try the 1/3 angus burger and see what that was all about.  The burger was "okay", but it was almost necessary to run a gauntlet to get it.  Right next to the front door, they had a full, full garbage can, and the stench was horrible - right next to the front door.  And then, I kid you not, I had to walk through a swarm of flies on my way to the front counter.  NOT appetizing.  I mentioned this to friends who said call the health dept., but I'm not going to do that to someone unless I see poisoned people in the aisles, let someone else do it if they want.  The reason I'm compelled to write is that I wanted to try another product (this is really close to my house), a chicken biscuit to compare to one I had in St. Louis to see if there were any decent biscuits here and McD's advertises this all the time - the biscuit was overcooked and horrible and the chicken was burnt.  I wasn't going in after the first experience, but I figured the drive through would be okay. The first window where they take the money was "womanned" by what seemed to be the manager, she was beyond rude.  The take out window girl was nicer, at least she smiled.  There are a lot of nice nice people at McDonalds, and a few have better food, but not this one!  Again, sorry...
Much-needed upscale place in Moon Valley.  Cheated on my standard, Ammacapanne's, 3 times to try this place.  Much better fare, but much worse service.  This most recent visit, the hostess seated us and I asked for a reminder on what the WiFi password was (I'm not a total douche...my wife and I run a small biz together and commonly work over meals and drinks).  The hostess kinda curtly said she didn't know if the place even has WiFi (I knew it did) and didn't know the password if it did.   No effort to go get it.  Finally waited for a server, who vaguely thought she knew it.  I'm not in the HRM industry, except as a consumer, but I can't imagine not training my staff on this.  Love the ambiance and food. Just disappointing service in my 3 visits.\n\nThe servers at Ammacapanne's still win the day in this area for me.
I'm giving this place a 5/5 rating because it is awesome! Located in a shared space with a cake maker, the food was way, way authentic.\n\nThe food tasted amazing. Had the tacos Pastor with rice and beans. Well made, home made, fresh spicy salsa. I'm very pick about my Mexican and I have to say, this one passed.\n\nIt's a no thrills place - no bar service and small but that's fine with me.\n\nIf you want authentic flavor and not too expensive, go here.
I'm not sure why this place got low reviews. Just ate here and everything was hot, fresh, and delicious. Deserts were in individual serving sizes for convenience. My favorite was the teriyaki chicken. Tender chicken with great flavor. My wife's favorite was the extra large crab ragoons. \n\nOnly reason I didn't give them a 5 star rating was that they were not serving from the Hibachi grill because it was before 4:00. \n\nGood food at a fair price
I went in thinking it would be pretty basic.  But this place has it all sushi, Chinese food, hibachi, lots of seafood. Everything i tried was good. Also it's nicely decorated and clean and a good price for a dinner buffet!
2.5 stars\n\n\nI got the Malay Chicken Curry\n- comes with potato salad, bun (good), vegetable soup (good), milk tea (ok)\n- curry was spicy but no hint of Malay flavor or coconut... \n- chicken was tender but personally I don't like previously deep-fried chicken ... \n- rice was super hard and dry \n\nPrice is about $1 more than other HK style in the area..
Not the best pho.  Not the worst.  It's decent.\n\nI ordered pho tai gan sach bo vien (pho with rare beef, tendon, tripe, beef meatballs).  They got the order wrong and added in beef brisket too.\n\nI asked for glass of water, no ice.  Same lady I gave the order to brought it out with a glass totally filled with ice.\n\nThey do give you really small portions of meat in the pho so the meat is all gone with a lot of noodle left.  When I ordered an extra beef meatballs (bo vien) on the side, the kitchen had forgotten to make the order and I did not get it until after I finished my pho, after I reminded them.\n\nAlso it was one beef meatball sliced into 4 pieces and they charged me $2 for it.  lol.  Talk about being overcharged here for small portions of meat.  Other than that, the quality of the meat in the pho was good.\n\nThe staff here consistently have problems getting the order right even though they are nice.  Be warned.
I tried this little spot today. Had a hell of a time finding parking because it's on the edge of campus. I went here based on the great reviews and although the food was good and I was quite satisfied with my meal I think it's average. Nothing special about the gyro, the sauce or falafel. I would eat here again but I would not go out of my way in the least bit to return. I forget sometimes that college town reviews are different than city reviews. Good food decent price.
The baristas are always nice, but they are not friendly. Does that make sense? They won't chit chat at all, and they never have a smile on their faces. That's fine, they make my coffee quick. \nMy biggest issue is the actual coffee. I always get a mocha, and I understand there is a fair amount of sugar in it, but it is always so damn sweet!! Actually hurts my teeth. Sometimes, maybe once a month, they get it pretty close. But most of the time, you can't even taste the coffee, just a mouthful of sweet. Gah!!! And the temperature is always lukewarm. NEVER hot enough. \nI have business downtown 3 times a week, so I try to hit Starbucks there when I can. Often, I just don't have the time and have to hit Crazy Mocha once I make it back to the 'hood. \nCan't wait for the day when we have a Starbucks here!! At least I always know what I'm gonna get, unlike this Crazy Mocha.
What just happened?\n\nI hate to give out bad reviews, and I rarely do. But this place is not good. \n\n2 stars for the cool atmosphere. \n\nFood???? Marinara Sauce that is way to peppery and clunky. Moscow Mule from a mix? and then poured into a stainless steel mug? Never heard of such a thing. (Moscow mules are known for their copper mugs)\n\nI got the parmesan tator tots. I almost laughed my tail off! Frozen tator tots sprinkled with parmesan cheese.\n\nOur Halibat had zero taste, no seasoning, just a slab of fish. \n\nThink these guys are missing the boat on the food, the atmosphere is nice, but that's about it.
I've been in a couple times since this place opened in Laveen.  Overall, the place is clean, service is quick, and the employees are nice and attentive.  I mistakenly ordered a burger that didn't come with lettuce and tomato but an employee kindly brought me some.\n\nOnly a 3 here because I don't think their burgers are all that good (compared to other comparable burger joints like Five Guys and In and Out).  I do love the french fries and shakes though!
Very average.  The prices were not as cheap as what I had expected.  I thought the Shanghai noodles were very uninspired.  The variety was very average, and the building very worn.  On my next trip to Toronto I wil try another dim sum house.  I like the small town feel,
We love how cute and quaint this hidden gem is in Moon Valley!! Great burgers, turkey burgers, and salmon. Be sure to try the truffle oil fries! Great neighborhood place for any night of the week.
The address is Dundas but the locator places it on college at near yonge
I've been to this particular location about 30-40 times since it opened. The food is high quality. They have sweet potato fries that take the cake! Sometimes the chicken looks smashed but maybe that's what they're supposed to do, hence the name of the place. \n\nThe eating area is quite nice with a variety of seating options such as eating outside (only an option 3 mo of the year). Bathrooms are nice but private. \n\nThe staff is awesome! Usually there is only one person running register and maybe two other ones cooking and running food. The line to order and the time it takes to get the food isn't awful but some might not have the patience.  They all seem to be motivated and work hard. They often walk around and ask how the food is. \n****************************************\nIn summary:\nPros***\n- great food (for a burger place)\n- great staff\n- clean comfortable facility\nCons***\n- line is long during lunch time\n- understaffed
Great Sushi!  Not too many places to choose from in the SE valley -- but Red Koi had a great atmosphere and great food.
Ohmigosh I saw that Yuzu had only 3.5 stars and had to do my part to fix that immediately! Yuzu is always a good place to go, and we find ourselves heading there more nights than not. The drinks are all creative, delicious, and constantly rotating. The bartenders are friendly as well. Food is delicious as well. It's much better and more unique than your classic bar food. I absolutely love the Yuzu fries. Whatever is in the sauce on top is magical (kind of like a garlic-y horseradish-y aioli). I also really like their vegetable Ramen. The vegetables are fresh and the broth is flavorful. Definitely, check them out on a theme night or trivia night. We've gone to Parks and Rec trivia, Chardee MacDennis, and a few others, and always have a good time.
Tonight we went and tried this new place out it, was delicious. We ordered appetizers spring rolls with shrimp,  pork Vietnamese egg rolls with pork and vegetables. For dinner my husband got a house stir-fried noodle dish that had vegetables, shrimp, beef & chicken.  I felt like Pho so I ordered #22 Noodle with rare steak flank, tenderloin, tripe & meat balls. I'll be completely honest with you regarding the pho it had the best broth I've ever had. I've tried several places around the valley that have high ratings for authentic pho and this place beat them all. We also enjoyed a Thai tea with boba it was the perfect accompaniment to complete our meal. The owners of the restaurant are very kind,  courteous and genuinely appreciated our business. Right now they have a grand opening special 10% off your bill. Go try them out today and I know you won't be disappointed.
One of my Coworkers is from the Lachute area and decided he was going to take us out for a classical Canadian experience. When we got to the Sugar Shack (as he called it) I realized that he was right, this was as traditional as it gets. The building could have been an old farm house that had been converted to a restaurant. Before dinner we walked around and got some sap directly from the trees to drink.\n Dinner was a very family feeling meal. You sat at a long table with everyone else and they just keep bring you all sorts of food. We had pea soup, bread, baked beans, omelett, pancakes, and more. Of course you had the option to drown everything in their homemade syrup. When dinner was over we went outside and they poured boiling syrup onto the snow and we ate it with pop sickle sticks. I left with a can of syrup a full stomach. If you are in the area and looking for an authentic Canadian experience, this is the place.
I've eaten hear many times and find the servers to be very friendly. There can be a wait on the weekend evening but that pretty normal. I prefer to go at lunch time whenever possible because it rarely crowded and the food comes out fast. As far as the food goes I'd say its pretty typical for Red Lobster.
Great service, nice atmosphere and good food.  They have some cozy couches, recliners and lots of TVs.  Food is reasonable and tasted great.  I just moved here from CA so the waitresses 'outfits' didn't seem hooter-ish to me but I can see now that there was a lot of short-shorts and cleavage for OH maybe.  Will definitely return and recommend it to others!
Holy smokes these suckers were good!!! Can wait to head up that way tomorrow for another round lol!!
I've ordered from this place several times before since I always have strong cravings for Indian food while shopping.  I'm glad they re-introduced the beef vindaloo back on their menu after removing it when people have complained that it was too spicy.   Not for me - the beef vindaloo, costing $11, is the best item on their menu and never disappoints.  I have a moderate tolerance for spice and enjoy it very much.   The beef is tender, sauce is tasty and chickpeas are awesome.  Just make sure you ask for some tap water.  So, if you are like me, this is the dish for you.  \n\nI've noticed there is a decline in their quality.  They leave whole bay leaves and indigestible spices (rock solid, pungent and strong) inside the dish.  As an amateur chef, leaving these things inside someone's dish is a big no-no.  I must've swallowed a piece of bay leaf as I felt a mild irritation in my throat like I couldn't breath for 10 seconds.  \n\nIf you are Amaya Express reading this post, thank you for re-introducing the beef vindaloo on your menu.  But please put your spices in a spice bag!
This place was so dirty... I really don't know how they are still open and serving food!! The floor was disgusting... The restroom was even worse... I had a hard time keep my food down when I went to the restroom... It smelled like they never changed there mop water. This place is so bad I wouldn't let my dog eat off the floor!!!!!!
There are lots of great reviews on here for this restaurant - so just adding a note here regarding larger groups. I had a board meeting with a bunch of colleagues nearby and we made a reservation for 8 people. We had a great meal and enjoyed the food and drinks. The ambience and service was excellent, and we all left happy. \n\nThe hassle was that when it came time to pay, we discovered they do not do separate bills. So, we spent the last part of the meal with calculators out trying to parse everything out. Not the end of the world, but a pain nonetheless. It also meant that for those who needed to claim meals they could not get a proper receipt. I'd come back as a couple or with friends but I would not book for groups larger than 4.
Stopped over Murray Ave to see what was shaking at the banjo shop and stopped in Napoli for a couple slices. It was right after lunch and not too busy, there was only a couple tables of Cops loitering, er, I mean lunching and that's it. The Pizzeria is set up like your typical slice shop, with the added bonus that you can buy Beer(+1), also. I tried a Pepperoni roll and a slice of pepperoni with a Coke. The roll came with a side of sauce and was quite tasty, well, where there was pepperoni it was tasty. I had a couple bites that was only dough(-1). The slice was also good, a nice thin slice with thinly sliced pepperoni that curls when cooked. As I was sitting down the Owner pulled a sausage pie from the oven, mmmm ground hot sausage(+1). HELLO! So, I had one of those, too. And it was yummy, too. I had a great conversation with the owner and another customer that came in after me.\n All in all, even tho I am a big fan of Mineo's, I would and will definitely give these guys more business.
Food was ok.  Hard to give a higher ranking also after watching our waitress lick a tea towel to wipe down the side of someone's espresso cup.
This place is really really good!!! Our first time trying this place. I was hesitant at first because the outside look like an abandoned building I wouldn't walk into. As soon as we opened the door the smell of smoke smacks your right in the face. The food was great the prices were great and great service I will be eating here again.
Let me put it this way: if Trattoria Italia's Lobster Ravoli wasn't soooo incredibly good, this place would be a one star joint. \n\nTo begin with, most food comes out way under salted and under seasoned. Very bland. If you send it back it comes out just fine the second time around, but when sending food back just to achieve flavor becomes their M.O., something isn't right. \n\nPositives: pizza is good, cioppino is good, and lobster ravioli is great. \n\nNegatives: food is very under flavored, service at the front is very pushy. Prices are too high for what you're getting. Oh, and their caprese salad has microscopic amounts of basil, and a copious amount of spinach and lettuce. Seriously?! I didn't order a house salad with tomato and mozzarella. \n\nAs for the staff, I've just come across much more accommodating staff elsewhere. Customer service and family atmosphere is definitely lost in this dive.\n\nPutting aside all biases from my former love of Montesano's, it really is not the best restaurant around. So many other places I will go to in the future besides trattoria.\n\nWould I recommend this place to others? Absolutely not.\n\nWould I come back here myself? Only for the lobster ravioli.
To me is more like a 3.5 stars. The only reason why I chose 3* is because I find the menu doesn't offer nothing else that could make you explore a Japanese dining experience. Only sushi and very few sushi pizza and soups. \n\nHowever, place is clean and staff is very friendly. Sushi chef and staff are all Japanese and not Chinese or any other region from Asia. \n\nThey offer dine in or take away service but not delivery. \n\nBusiness hours are pretty much the same as other places with the exception of Saturday. \nMon - Fri: 11.30 am to 10.00 pm\nSat: 12.0 pm to 9.30 pm\nSun: closed\n\nSushi is pretty good, fresh and served fairly quickly. The service is prompt and very friendly. \n\nSo, overall, if you are in the neighbourhood and you crave for sushi, this is a safe bet for good sushi for a fair price if compared to the only 2-3 only options available in LV.
Maybe it was average but I find Japanese food mostly always pretty good and I mostly just eat maki rolls.  THis place was clean fast and friendly.  I had never seen the California roll wrapped with (what looked like) fish skin, but it was all good.\nTypical price, typical taste, very clean.  Go for it
Retz Laconi II makes solid pizza, end of story. \n\nWe often order from there for parties and small get togethers. Given we don't at the restaurant alot, the food has always been good both takeout and when we're there.\n\nFeel is part dive bar and part pizza place. Not a place to impress but good food and comfortable.\n\nIt's sad that a few slow orders means that they are receiving such rough reviews.
I truly want to love Palette.  Truly I do!  A lunch rendezvous as a perfect midway break during galleries and exhibits at the Phoenix Art Museum should be remarkable.  But Palette has some serious drawbacks that need tending to.  It's Contemporary Stylish, but kind of blah, and would benefit from a more daring color scheme and more interesting furniture -- it currently resembles a College Conference room.  The menu choices sound great, and the ingredients are fresh, but everything is just a bit underseasoned; everything tastes like expensive Assisted Living Center food.  Not bad, but not as exciting as an Art Museum dining space should ideally be.  The staff is pleasant, but not particularly engaging -- they hire VERY young people, and do not really look to train them to be particularly energetic.  And please, add two or three more exciting dessert choices.  As it is, Palette is decent, but it would be nice to have a destination restaurant in Phoenix's only true outpost of stimulating culture.
Love this place. Plenty of games. Not too crowded. But 5 stars are earned for customer service. My son left his iPad there. Not only was it turned in, but the manager delivered it to our hotel.
Great pho if you are in the college area. \n\nFairly priced and decent size portions, pho Linh on college is probably the best pho I had in town. Fully flavour and kitchen fully run by Vietnamese that bring you to the table a slice of their own country. \n\nThe only downside, the restaurant closes at 9.00 pm!\n\n:(
I'm sure you will agree, there's nothing quite like freshly baked bread; the smell, the taste, the warmth, it's all so very good! \n\nI recently discovered Truscott Italian Bakery & Deli - a charming little bakery in Clarkson. It's been there for many years but they recently did a refresh and boy it looks great! \n\nI ended up buying a few of their mini cakes for dessert the other day. \nNot only did they look good, they were pretty tasty too. (I had one too many that day)\n\nThen there's their deli meat counter which boasts a variety of European meats. (Ask for a free sample). Moving on to the grocery section, they have a huge selection of pastas, sauces, fancy imported drinks (lemonades and juices), fresh eggs, dairy items and of course a massive collection of olive oils.  \n\nThis is a great place to pick up last minute grocery essentials, freshly baked bread and maybe a specialty coffee on the way out.
Great food and great people. Gelato was amazing!!!! Also the cheese balls are to die for.
My husband and I had dinner here tonight and were very pleased.  I had a wonderful salmon dish and my husband had the Phoenix burger that he said was the best burger he's had in a long time.  The service was very good and very warm and friendly.
First off, the store itself is slightly hard to find. But it was truly a fantastic meal. Milena was able to welcome us and make us feel at home.  She offered great suggestions. The appetizers were great. Get the Arancini, for they were the biggest surprise.  Fantastic texture and taste. Her brother, Pasquale, kept our table and our food moving. Will be back sopn.
Okay, their burritos are honestly so amazing. Really filling and not too pricey. The sangria on the other hand was $40 - we didn't even bother checking the price before ordering it. But the sangria wasn't watered down so in the end, my friend and I told ourselves that it was worth it.
Me and my family. Especially the star Lori Mazza, we are at this restaurant. It was good and excellent. Changed my life. Service and quality of the food is unmatched. Thank you for this life change. I recommend everybody to come in.
I've had quite a few donuts in my time but I've never seen a donut shop that makes their donuts to order. My preference in donuts tends to lean towards light, fluffy, sugary, and glazed. (think Krispy Kreme original) Duck's donuts definitely vary from my go-to donut, which I actually find very appealing and unique. They're a lot heartier and breadier than your average by-the-dozen donut. They're sweet, but slightly less than what you're probably used to. (you're still gonna fall into a sugar coma an hour later if you eat more than one. don't be fooled) Their frosting/glazes have a subtle, "we-made-this-in-the-store" taste to them that I really love. Ex. Their strawberry frosting tastes like strawberries, not pink sugar. Their maple frosting is phenominal as well. Overall, quite a treat!
Ah Zorba's, makes me feel young again.  I frequented this place all the time when I was a student at UofI.  YUM their gyros are some of the best.  I like that they have different sizes of gyros.  Definitely get the fried mushrooms, you won't be disapointed.  Pass on the spinach pie though, it's not very good.  They aren't the cheapest if you're a poor student, it can add up if you get fries and mushrooms and everything.  Cheap beers.  They used to have free jazz on Tuesdays, I think, not sure if they still do.\n\nYUM their cucumber sauce is awesome. They also have a wonderful honey dijon for the chicken gyros.  My bf sometimes has to go down to UofI for career fairs, I always make him to go Zorbas and get me a gyro with extra cucumber sauce.  I will eat it 3 hours later and cold, and it's still delicious.\n\nThey call out your name when your order is ready, my friends and I would give them funny names like Shaft and one time I was Captain, and my friend was Tennille, but they called Tennille first, that blew.
The donuts are definitely a 5 star, the service today was a 1 star.  I ordered 4 light cinnamon sugar donuts with sugar only on the top.  I got three with mountains  of sugar on all of the donuts and in the box (looked like a cat litter box).  I said I ordered 4, and only with light sugar on the top.  With an attitude the woman took back the box. She took the three donuts and shook them into the current box that I was given, with the gobs of sugar already in the box.  So now I have donuts with sugar on the top and bottom.  I said to the lady I only want a light sprinkle on the top only with 4 donuts, not 3.  Not only did I get an attitude, I got the stare of how dare you ask me to fix you something the way you asked for/ paid for.  As I said the donuts are amazing, the service needs to be worked on.  I will give them another chance, but would definetly stop coming if this type of service continues.
GAMES DON'T WORK should be the name of the place. They're almost all broken!! Food was alright which is why I have them a couple of stars.
I have had better service at petes fish and chips. She brought the salad and food at the same time wih no rolls. We told them to hold the food until we had our salad and when they brought the food it was cold.. Should have gone to McDonald's and had a fish sandwich. At least you know what to expect.
Great local place for Moon Valley. Felt at home with Joe greeting all of the customers, just like at Aiello's in Central Phoenix. Burgers are good. Onion rings are lightly battered and tasty. Good selection of craft beers. Nice array of selections other than burgers too. This place will be one of our regular eateries. Congrats to Joe and Myrah for another great concept.
It used to be a great place, but unfortunately it closed recently.
I was super excited to try this place out just because of the cool projectors they cast on the wall of the anime you can see driving by that's where it all stopped turns out anime running on the wall made me a little nauseous sitting at the bar but that's my problem not theirs didn't try in the ramen because they're all pork-based and I don't really eat pork that one vegan option but didn't sound too good so I had the beef short ribs and the mushrooms mushrooms were okay a little dry beef short ribs at a decent flavor but you would have to order at least four or five of them to get full a wife had the wife had the ramen Cicero's excellent she really loved it she also had their mango Martini I think she didn't finish it. It was gross service I thought wasn't a great girls very good at explaining everything and how it all worked after that never came around when you have asked for silver word couple times you know it's not going to be very good no drink refills nothing talk to order at a waiver down every time I needed something in the place was dead so might go back just for the ramen my wife and maybe I'll try the vegan one but not too sure
Service and food is way better than Phoenix. Food is delicious! Their food is between Congee Queen and Phoenix. The bbq duck is the best! Bonus- free wifi!!
Been to their Italian restaurant and loved it so much I decided to give their burger joint a try. They did not disappoint. I got a steakhouse burger with A1 and crispy onion rings which was the best burger I've had in Phoenix. The fries with truffle oil that came with it were on point.  My fiance got a flat iron salad with a spicy ranch dressing, it was amazing but she kept trying to steal bites of my burger so looks like I'm going to have to come back by myself.
Been there a dozen times on Monday burger night , half of those times the burgers were well done when we ordered them medium rare ,When you send them back they get pissed , like your the one who is wrong . You would think they know how to make a medium rare burger . Been there other nights also , same issue at regular price , although on Mondays lately they skimp on the burger size , Nice going ...\nMost of the servers are terrible . Joe is a buffoon, thinks he has good customer service because he says hi to everyone , he couldn't give a damn .  We will never go back . Too many good burger places in town.
If I could give it a negative, I would. This place was an absolute mistake; got there around 7:15 and didn't leave till 8:45. This is not because the food was soooo amazing that I had to stay, but rather that my kids had to wait 45 minutes for the wonton with instant noodles. Yes folks, that's right, I said "Instant." Not so instant in my opinion. We've all made instant noodles at some point in our lives; never has it taken me even more than 20 minutes and that's usually because I'm adding beef balls, eggs, or spam. Maybe they had to run out to the supermarket to buy it. In any case, I ordered a Portuguese Beef Brisket Rice, which came in 20 minutes. The plate was enormous but the amount of food didn't quite exactly fit the size of the plate as my kids managed to scarf down most of it before their noodles arrived. My dish was below average as the brisket was very tough and the sauce tasted like it came out of a Lee Kum Kee bottle, but my kids were super hungry, so they ate it anyways. Had to ask for water three times as my kids can't drink tea, but after three failed attempts, I didn't bother. I also noticed several individuals leave before they finished my meal which was an indication that the food was not very good. I also noticed that the table in front of us was informed that they ran out of whatever she ordered, but this was 25 minutes after she ordered. Needless to say, she got up and left. When I was about to leave, I asked to pay with Interac but they said it wasn't set up. They should really take off that Interac sign on the front door if they don't offer that form of payment. So, I had to run out to the bank and get cash; pretty much adding salt to the wound. I guess you pretty much see that this will be my first and last visit. One of my worst dining experiences EVER. If you're smart, stay FAR FAR AWAY!!!!!
"Four Clucks\nUnder Four Bucks"\n\nI sat in the parking lot, staring at that sign. As it turns out, I wasn't quite THAT hungry.
Very very good pizza. About a buck per slice. You can't beat the awesome taste and that price. Highly recommended!
No i won't come back here again, and yes that fast I can say it. It may be Dim Sum King but we had a table in the middle of the restaurant with very little carts to come to us for food. We literally walked away hungry because we didn't get the carts to come over to offer us enough selection. Their beef crepe noodle roll was average and it wasn't anything special. Chicken feet was delicious. Their spare ribs too tough to chew off the meat. We didn't stay there very long because it was too busy and they had a hard time getting us food.
Best Pho!   Pho here is delicious and I love the spring rolls! The restaurant is small and clean and the people are always nice!  We go here regularly and will keep going back for more!!
OK... another HK fast food Rest., well this is not my first time here however this time was the worst service ever.  Walked in, standing there for 10 mins, no one came to greet us (party of 2), mind you, there are empty tables, finally got a table.  Ordered food and drinks, I have ordered a lemon iced tea without sugar, but it came super sweet, I asked one of the server to change it, which I got an attitude person, anyways asked to change my drink.  5 mins or so my drink came back, I was like wait a min, the straw have the same lipstick colour as what I was wearing, so they have given me the same cup that I returned... yup of course it is super sweet...wow, unbelievable...! I did not expect super service when I know I am eating at a Chinese fast food rest... but still how can you give the same cup, same drink to a customer that was returned? Wow.....
Best sushi I've had in a long time. The atmosphere was fresh, clean and modern. Great service. They didn't mind bringing us cucumber for our teething baby:) green tea was good considering it was a bag. Prices were average for sushi. \nWe will be back for sure.
Wanted to try this new joint out as I've heard good things about it considering it's owned by Shabu Fondu, however my experience here left me unimpressed. We had ordered a few pork belly as an appetizer and when we received it, it was the smallest portion. Picture a strip of pork belly cut in half and then cut into smaller portions and served to you. It was literally two bites. The ramen had taken a while to get here as they had messed up on another tables order in which they disposed of the ramen in the trash can behind the bar. Customer service here was terrible. Our waitress was very dull and didn't ask if we needed anything at any point of our dining experience unless we asked ourselves. She wasn't enthusiastic or helped us with the menu. We waited 20 minutes for the tab as well. Wouldn't personally come back unless it was for their neighboring restaurant to be opened in September
I wish I had photos of my dinner, but I ate everything so fast!  All the dishes I tried were delicious. The steamed dumplings, bacon wrapped cherry tomatoes, chicken wings and the Ramen with lemongrass  and pork belly.  I also enjoyed the bartender Anthony who was very friendly, personable, and funny. I look forward to my next visit hopefully this week!
Brunch as amazing! We had the stuffed French toast and three eggs with hash browns. Both were so delicious. Service was great as well. We will definitely be back. :)
Went for my sister's birthday with a group of her friends, note: this is not a place for large group (ie. anything more than 2 people).\n\nThe food was good.  Fresh ingredients, good size portions, flavourful, simple and made with love.\n\nThe service was attentive, polite and helpful.\n\nThis is a tequila bar, so don't expect a wide selection of scotch or vodka.  Their cocktails are creative and bring out the different tequila flavours. \n\nThe space is where they lack and the "intimate" setting just gets annoying.   Because of proximity to everything else in the restaurant, it gets loud and it was hard to maneuver around especially since there was a group of us.  So if you're claustrophobic, wait till you get a seat on the patio. \n\nAlso, it's a bit pricey, but affordable considering the area.  It's about $8 for a plentiful side of guacamole and chips and $13 for tacos.  Which as I'll say again and again in my review of taco places- is too much for street food. \n\nParking is difficult, street parking only, but the subway is about 2 blocks away.
To my surprise(and disappointment) the Springs Cafe at the Springs Preserve is no longer under Wolfgang Puck but instead now ran by the Culinary Academy of Las Vegas.\nThey did stay within the same food guidlines as the previous owner which is to continue to offer a sustainable dining selection.\nWe went during the Halloween festivities and there was a special Halloween menu which was overpriced and not really a good selection of items.\nI thought it was odd that the boo burger didn't come with any veggies - no lettuce no tomato, nothing. Hello, isn't this place is supposed to promote healthy eating? No veggies? Why?\nSo basically I got a bun, a burger (which seemed like it came out of your grocers freezer) and a slice of cheese. It reminded me of food while eating in a school cafeteria. Not $9.00 worthy at all!!!\nThe kid's meals also had those darn frozen dino nuggets and pizza sticks that you can find at Walmart.\nIs the food fresh here or what?\nToo bad about the food as the view & setting in this restrauant is beautiful.\nI know the employees are students but whomever is instructing them needs to step up his/her teaching quickly or there won't be anyone to serve.
Worst McD's in the world wide Franchise!!! I live down the road and they consistently serve old, soggy fries!  The workers consistently sound irritable and commonly get your order wrong.  I usually would not waste my time reviewing a McD's but after 10+ visits to this McD's I am thoroughly dissatisfied.  Do your self a favor and drive down the road to the next McD.  Especially if you want hot, fresh, crispy McDonald's Fries!
This place has a wonderful Vista from anywhere you said of the entire park. It is a little pricey for what they provide food wise, but it is a great place to eat or have a glass of wine in the afternoon or in the evening when they turn on the Christmas lights. My wife and I purchased the year-long pass for the reserve because it offers A lot of options for things to do. She and I like to run in there is quite a bit of space to run over different types of terrain and enjoy the scenery. Check it out if you're in the vicinity, I promise you won't regret it
We went on a Friday afternoon, BEFORE the dinner rush. Got our from orders in almost immediately, and food order as well... But that's were things started to go south. Service became sporadic, and towards the end of our meal, after requesting the bill, we waited for about 20 minutes! Finally got the bill, put down the card on the bill plate and waited for 30 minutes or so before our waiter walked by... When he did we had to actually yell out to him to take our check, because he was about to blow right past us!\n\nAll in all the service here is iffy, but that being said, we thought the food was fantastic! I had Pho and Triple Threat roll, my wife had a couple roles of her choosing and they were all great.\n\nIf you want food food and don't care about crappy service then come here! If you're in a hurry, don't bother...
I ordered 3 pieces of chicken, biscuit, green beans, and corns. I noticed I only got chickens and a biscuit when I got home...Seriously !!!!???? I should have checked...I guess.... Im sooooo disappointed!!!!!
Service was slow. Deep fried Zucchini was Costco fresh. Asked to have the outside heater re-started & all we got was a grunt of "out of fuel." Didn't bother to replace it. Won't be going back.
i get vietnamese food at home so i am pretty picky about vietnamese food restuarants.  however i have to say pho linh is the bomb!  i usually get #12 banh cun.  best in town!!!!  and i love their coconut shake!  the prices are reasonable.  the staff are friendly. lunch time during the weekends therre is usually a wait!  they do take out and just started to do deliveries.  the location is not the best and the place needs a face lift besides that i got no complaints!
The five star rating I have awarded Barrio is solely a result of one waiter's excellent service. This waiter's name was Jae, and I am very thankful for his kindness and generosity. Before I get to that, let me start a little bit in the past.\n\nThe previous week, my family and I ate at Barrio for the first time. The build your own taco concept at a sit-down restaurant was a riveting idea to us newcomers. Our waitress that night was also very welcoming and friendly overall, which was a good sign for a restaurant new to us. In addition, and very importantly, the food was DELICIOUS. Every member of my family and myself were satisfied with our meals. So that was my first experience at Barrio, and I was pleasantly pleased. \n\nNow back to the more recent past. On Saturday, June 17, 2017, I decided to take my girlfriend, who has tree nut and shellfish allergies along with a gluten intolerance (this part will come into play later), to Barrio. All was well at first. There was no wait as we arrived at a good time, and immediately the hostess took us to our table in a back corner. Unfortunately, and for no fault of the hostess, we were placed next to a large party of inebriated and obnoxious women. Like I said, there isn't much one can do about that at first for the customer. After saying "what" when my girlfriend and I could not hear each other, we decided we wanted to move. At this point, the waitress came to give us water and asked if we wanted chips and guac. Everything was going as well as it could be and she came back to take our order sheets. Upon her arrival, my girlfriend asked if the gluten free taco shells were fried in peanut oil or anything of the sort. In a very uninformed (in regard to the menu) and annoyed tone, the waitress told us she thinks, and ONLY THINKS, that they were fried in vegetable oil. There was no confidence in her response and that is not very reassuring to someone with food allergies. So back to changing seats. We asked her and she mumbled something and said she couldn't take our sheets yet until the hostess is informed of our requested. Then our savior arrived unbeknownst to us. He brought our guac and chips and commented on how loud it was and we told him we already asked to move tables. After this, the waitress came back and asked if we were able to move and then explained that we had to go back to the hostess to see if we could be moved. After this, I went to the hostess and asked what could be done. She said I would have to go back on the waiting list and that was not worth it. As I went to sit back down, the kind waiter asked if we were able to move tables. I explained, in a partially worked up manner, that both the hostess and waitress were not the nicest or accommodating. The waiter responded "that's sh%#ty," and then said "grab your stuff, you guys can follow me." He proceeded to take us to a new area of a restaurant that was pleasant and the air was not polluted with the deafening sound of intoxicated imbeciles. My girlfriend and I were very happy at this point and repeatedly thanked our savior. Following all if this, we got our food. My girlfriend then asked about the peanut oil and our new waiter went and asked the kitchen and told us that their shells were fried in canola oil, which was very comforting to know. We were finally able to eat in peace thanks to Jae, the wonderful waiter. \n\nIf it wasn't for Jae, my second meal and my girlfriend's first meal at Barrio would have been less than average due to the surliness of the waitress and hostess. My thanks go out to Jae and to his wonderful service. I firmly believe that each and every member of the Barrio staff should emulate the actions of Jae, as he is the epitome of a superior waiter.
I Can't get enough of their tacos! I've been here twice and loved everything that came out. Their menu offers many dishes that can be shared which is great if you want to try a variety of different things. From their tacos, I would definitely recommend their lobster tacos, fish tacos and the ancho braised shortrib-brisket tacos. All their tacos came out really fresh and delicious, packed with a lot of filling. And from their house specials, I would recommend the Carne Asada and Huevos Rancheros. Absolutely delicious! \n\nI will definitely be coming back soon for more mouthwatering tacos!
This place as been in my bookmarks for months and months. There was a huge line when I  walked in, and it's definitely not a grab-and-go type of place. You need to wait a while, but that's because the donuts are made to order.\n\nI ordered a dozen to try out some flavors and to share, and a coffee since you can check in on yelp and get a free coffee! \n\nSomething happened with my ticket and I ended up waiting around for 15-20 minutes. At first, because this was my first time, I thought it just took THAT long. But I kept seeing people leave with their donuts before me. I asked the girl about it, and she didn't have my ticket at all. They were very apologetic and worked on them right away.\n\nThe donuts were tasty, but they are cake batter donuts, so they get a little heavy after attempting to eat more than one at a time. I think it's a wonderful shop and a great idea to have so many customizable options. I don't think I'd make a special trip down here, but I'd definitely have them again!
We had a great meal and a great time. We started with the calamari appetizer and things just kept getting better. All good,,and we ll definitely return!
A donut is a donut, is a cake, is a pancake. (A tribute to my favorite scene from Girl, Interrupted.)\n\nI successfully avoided donuts for 6 months, only to be taken down 2wks ago in one fell swoop during an intense 2 day event where unlimited free donuts were available. Returned to Charlotte and haven't slowed down. That 'famine-feast' thing I guess.\n\nSo, Duck Donuts. Mentioned to the cheerful woman at the counter it was my first time. She gave me the run down (which of course I quietly already knew, being an informed yelper) and it was showtime. Despite the warnings of excessive oiliness from other reviews, ordered both a maple & a chocolate coconut. She spied my donut lust, so offered at no charge one that came out too small to sell. Hell f***ing yeah. Chose vanilla.\n\nWhile I awaited my order, dove in to the gift. Warm, moist, pleasing. The other two arrived, and the maple RULED. At one point, I felt like I was eating hot pancakes. Thick & cakey.\n\nI did observe something, which is more of a note to management than anything else. The card machine was down, so cardholders were asked to leave their card numbers for processing later. One particular patron was visibly uncomfortable with this arrangement but agreed. The nice woman at the counter did try to run the transaction several times, but the system remained stubborn. Thinking the woman was just buying 1 donut, I began to offer to pay, but she had a whole box and I only had $3 cash left. The woman even doubled back before she left and asked the clerk to ensure her card info would be destroyed. All I could think was "just give her the da*n donuts!". I mean, what, it would have set them back, what, $12??? Plus, the store was closing in 15min anyway. The woman was clearly concerned, and a man eventually came out from back, who seemed managerial. It would have been an enormous act of customer appreciation and bred tremendous brand loyalty to just give her the donuts at no charge, thank her for her patience, and apologize for the delay. \n\nAfter the 2.5 donuts I ate, did feel slightly nauseous. Only one next time.
I go here pretty often. They always get my order right. The owner is very friendly as well. It's a great hangout spot for me and my friends. But it is very compact. There was this one incident where the waiter said I could sit where ever I want. So I sat at a table where I felt comfortable. But the owner told me to move even when I said it's okay. But I ended up moving where he told me to. The sun was glaring in my face. I just felt as if I didn't need to be bother when I was already settled in. I will still go here though. :)
The banoffee pancakes are the best pancakes I have ever had. Scones are also some of the best (Nutella banana and jafa cake to name my favourites. It's just too bad the place is so small!! Highly recommend
Went back for a return visit and were surprised to see the addition of entrees.  French Onion soup was superb, as was the crab cake appetizer, and our dinners (Pork Tenderloin and Hangar Steak with Marsala wine sauce and mushrooms). Pork was juicy and sauce was just right with the apples lightly cooked but still with a bit of a crunch, and the steak was cooked just as ordered - medium rare.
Amazing family bakery\nIt was good before and is perfect now\nA great addition to the parkroyal neibourhood \nDon't go anywhere else
My first visit & I will definitely return! I love the consistency & texture of their doughnut. I had the Maple Bacon doughnut & OMG!! So delicious!!
The service here is pretty slow, if they were a bit faster, I would've gave them 4 stars. I feel like their "home-made fries," aren't good. Their pretty burnt and don't taste good. I've definitely had better, other than that, the food tastes pretty good! The eggs benny tasted good, also the vege omelette tasted amazing; two dishes to consider.
The vegan burger is my favorite thing on the menu and I'm a meat eater. It's surprisingly good. No wait, I lied. The Monte Cristo sandwich is the best thing that has ever been on the menu. Unfortunately it is no longer being sold.\nAlso, the Springs Cafe is astonishingly better than the Wolfgang Puck crapshack it has replaced. There's just no comparison.\nIf you're going to the Springs Preserve you'd might as well eat there. The food is pretty good and you can't beat the convenience.
A perfectly acceptable HK style cafe. The service is quite good to be honest, and the restaurant itself is fairly spacious (unlike Phoenix and others). Their milk tea is tasty and the food is above average. Nothing that will knock your socks off but that's hard to find at establishments like these. \n\nI've had a few things from their menu, and today I tried to Korean style pork chop cutlet with rice. The pork chop was fried really well, a nice light batter and not oily at all. I really enjoyed it. Came with a soup and tea. \n\nThe pricing is on par with other HK style cafes, but you also get a free newspaper if you're into that. Lots of competition in the area, so I expect them to remain competitive and provide decent service.
Brought my family here for dinner and some games. Food was low quality and 1/2 of the games were inoperable. Never going to waste my hard earned money here again. And by the way don't give them your email they will never stop sending you offers.
I have always been a fan of Olive Garden and I used to go here more often then not in the past. However, starting about 2 years ago (after I took my girlfriend to Carrabba's), she all of a sudden stopped requesting Olive Garden and Carrabba's in its place. \n\nI always got the tour of Italy and a side order of white and red sauce for our bread sticks. I always like Olive Garden because I could feast like a king and not spend an arm and a leg. Sadly, their food, IMHO, just isn't as good as Carrabba's.\n\nI enjoy Olive Garden's wine too. It is a safe bet. \n\nFor now, we are broken up, but maybe someday, we will reunite and I will get a chance to have their free salad and bread sticks. :-)
Located on the third floor of a nondescript building/mall, the large dining room looks dated in its decor and ambiance. The dim sum is better than average for Chinatown, with old-style push-cart service between 10 am - 2 pm, and very cheap if you go on weekdays ($2 per S, M, or L item), but avoid weekends when the price is almost doubled ($3.30 M, $3.80 L). Notable items: Har gow, chicken feet, steamed rice with spare ribs, pot stickers, pan-fried turnip cake. Tea is extra @ 80 cents/person. Overall service is adequate but tired.
Me and my family came here looking forward to a good meal. We were very disappointed.  The manager was not kind. She was actually quite rude. The food also was not fresh. They also charged me dinner, even though we didn't have the dinner meal. The fried food was full of oil, and most of the food was dry. It was wayyyy over priced based on the bad quality. I would not recommend this place, I'm definitely not coming back.
This place definitely has its fair list of short comings but its over all a decent location.\n\nI like that it is located pretty close to my home and that it's open 24 hours because I'm usually getting off pretty late every night.\n\nI like that they have a bell to ring outside so the employees can buzz you in at night. I think this is a great safety precaution for any 24 hour business and its nice to know the owner cares about their staff.\n\nI do not like that they are always out of stuff when I come after 9PM. It is always stuff I'm really craving too! Like pickles, or avocados, or tuna. I definitely think for a location that has to be open 24 hours they should stock better and help set their employees up for a successful night.\n\nOver all not the worst Subway I have ever been too. Employees are always tired by the time I get there, but they are friendly!
Love love love this pho place! I've been to several different pho places, and I always end up coming here instead. I'm here usually Fridays - so I always get their Bun Bo Hue. Their regular pho is good too. I love all the servers there! Food comes quick, and always tastes amazing. \nPs. I'm Vietnamese, so listen to my advice for a good pho place ;).
The ONLY West Valley ramen place to go to. Met Chef Johnny Chu, the owner and his wife tonight. He explained that he cooks the authentic broth over 14 hours and uses top quality ingredients. Our table had three different styles of ramen and all of us agreed that we will be back soon.  Really great stuff. Yakitori is also cooked in the authentic Japanese style over the white coals. \n\nRestaurant has a super cool vibe with anime videos playing behind the bar. Owner is also the genius behind Shabu Fondue and Red Thai in midtown!
Fast service and hefty portions.\nNice find, as good as you will find outside of Montreal.
It goes to show I shouldn't always look at Yelp first.  I thought the food and tacos were awesome. Definitely add sauces, and the chefs specials are great.
I'm often skeptical of places that get so much hype, but Chula really delivered. We went in last night and were seated immediately. The server was really friendly, quick and professional. We wanted to try a few things, so we ended up with some fried cod tacos, tortillas and guac and the chorizo corndogs. \n\nEverything was frankly way better than I expected (remember that aforementioned skepticism?). The guac was fresh, chunky and really dynamic, not to mention clearly made in house. The accompanying chips were tasty and grease free, which was nice. The fish tacos were really good, a bit busier than I usually like. I found the fish to be slightly overcooked; but seeing as I tend to prefer my proteins slightly under I assume this is me being picky, and not an actual reflection of the kitchen. But the best thing was the chorizo corn dog. I'm almost tempted to go back tonight and get another one! We even got the churro sundae and it was delicious! But I'm glad I shared; it was very sweet and rich!\n\nThe room was nice, the bar was cool and the mural was really pretty. The only thing that underwhelmed was the bathroom -waaay too small and cramped! But if that's the worst thing I can say, there's really no complaints.
I love this place! It's no frills - cash only, no vegetarian options (which is why I gave it 4 stars)- but the food is consistently good, and the portions are huge.  \n\nWe come here a couple of times per week, and the staff are always very friendly to my boyfriend and I, and are really patient when we have our special needs nephew with us (he can be a handfull).\n\nThe pho broth is delicious; the spicing is subtle but perfectly done. Our favourite dishes are the pho tai sach (rare beef and tripe - it converted me to a tripe lover!) or the grilled beef bun. The bun is one of the best I've ever had - a delightful combination of textures and tastes, it includes your choice of protein, cucumber, mint, lettuce, roasted peanuts, as well as a really tasty Nuoc Cham sauce with slices of pickled carrot and daikon. The Nuoc Cham seems to be the Northern Vietnam variety - less garlicy and spicy than its southern counterpart. I like the grilled beef - it's slightly sweet and smoky, which I prefer to the shredded beef style (which always reminds me of catfood, so I never order it).\n\nThis place is not vegetarian friendly, you've been warned! But if you're looking for a family friendly place with amazing food, you've found it.
In the world of reviews and opinion, I always consider it best to start with the bad and end with the good. Not too much bad to say about this place except that the seating arrangement is fairly cluttered. Past that, this is a great place to eat. The soup is very good. Broth is clear, tasty and consistent. The noodles are a constant al dente texture. The beef is thinly sliced and of great quality. Portions are a bit small, but the ability makes up for it. The flour rolls are awesome, as are the spring rolls.
Die Bedienung ist recht bemüht. Preis Leistung ist fast da. Fast 30 min. Wartezeit auf Weißwurst Frühstück bei Medium Auslastung ist Grenzwertig. Dafür sehr gut einschl. Frische Brezel. Eine Reklamation wurde sehr freundlich ohne jedes zögern sofort behoben. Was fehlt ist offensichtlich Übung. Das gesamte Team braucht noch ein bisschen, sind aber auf einem guten Weg.
I love love love this place!  The broth cooks for 24 hours!  That's some serious care put into NOT JUST SOUP PEOPLE.  You must give this place a try its mind blowing amazing.  I had toncotsu, it was the best I have had in the states, reminded me of Okanowa.  Bre the bar tender is so amazing words can't describe her, personality, kindness, attentiveness and my oh my can she make a martini! Oh and try the Kobe beef skewers and the bacon wrapped quail eggs so good.
As close to authentic PHO as you might find in Toronto.\nVery good broth, good rare beef.\nI also like the mango smoothies.  Prices are reasonable.\nBit of a weird stink to the interior, maybe it was an issue that day...?\nA repeat spot for sure.
I never tried the food at Gameworks, so I wrote a review about the games. The arcade is very fun for kids aged 3-8. I ended up wasting 20 bucks playing low quality and overrated games for little kids. I was more interested into the eSports games, which is near the back of Gameworks. eSports interests Pre-Teens and up. eSports has a Wii U for Smash Bros and Mario Kart 8, XBox for Mortal Kombat X and Minecraft, PS4 for Call of Duty or Counter Strike Global Offensive, and a computer that can download any playable game for free. It's very cheap for 1 hour, 5 bucks. I look forward to playing MK8 and SSB4.\nr
Stopped in here for a quick lunch. Sat at the sushi bar since it was just me but still had the server/host taking my order.  Service was slow, but friendly.  \n\nI had the Under the Sun Roll and a miso soup.  The miso was "OK" - a bit bland, but with enough soy and sriracha sauce it was good.  The roll was quite tasty and very fresh, although for $11 I thought it was a little steep. \n\nStill on the search for a really good but cheap sushi place (kind of a "hole-in-the-wall" place!), but this place will do for the time being.
Nice place and the two folks who were working were nice as well.  We got 3 cokes, a 16 inch pizza, meatball sandwich and a kids spaghetti, with tax we spent $43.30.  Not cheap but authentic and very good.  Kids liked it and so did mom and dad.  I would go back for sure and next time get dessert, they had a ton of choices.
Unimpressive tacos. Main problem for me is the portion: Toppings/fillings come in small quantities although the tortilla is of standard size. The taste of corn is then very present, but the overall feel is blander than what it could have been. Some examples I want to point out is, firstly, the shrimp taco. It contained literally 3 small shrimps, such that half the bites were 100% vegetarian. As for the pastor taco, I could have rolled myself a mini burrito full of dough with that small amount of meat. \n\nA random observation is tortillas are sometimes crispy, sometimes soft, and it's independent of what I order.\n\nThe meals can be accompanied with 3 different kinds of chipotle salsa, ranging from mild, spicy, and spicier. All I can say is that the salsas really add another dimension of flavor, although it tends to overwhelm the whole taste if added in generous quantities. I suggest glazing the taco with a thin layer of salsa for the best result.\n\nOtherwise, for people on a student budget, Don Taco offers deals that seem really too good to pass up. However, the 0.99$ taco on Tuesdays or the 3/5$ tacos are filled with potatoes, with a hint of beef. They're not worth the money.\n\nConsidering the competition around that neck of the woods, I'm surprised they justify 2.75$ with a half empty taco.
First visit here and I will definitely will go back. The dining room is decorated beautifully. Very clean and contemporary. \nOrdered sushi rolls to go. Eel roll was delicious. Spicy tuna roll was a little bit bland. Saw a bowl of pho go out while I  was waiting for my order and it looked really tasty. Can't wait to try it next.
Wow they have a great hamburger now, even my wife is telling me so and she's a salad person.  I ordered mid-rare and it was perfect.
The food was ok. Not great. Service was awful!! Our server did not offer us drinks. Came up asked if we wanted to order. We did and he walked away before we could ask for drinks. I tried to continually flag him for a drink order. I finally got his attention. There was a gnat or something in my drink. Never got it replaced. My husband and daughter never got a refill. The server ignored us. Then a family of 7 came in and he gave them water. Took drink orders and told them specials. We didn't know there were specials. And during this time we were one of two tables until the daily of 7 came in. Service was just plain bad
Super great service! Generous portions and super friendly staff. Fresh ingredients and tasty flavors! The atmosphere was warm and trendy and prices were very reasonable. I recommend 'the Stache' wrap and mixed berry chicken salad! Great find! New lunch spot for sure!
I'm just not a fan of this chain. Their bagels aren't amazing. Their coffee isn't amazing either although my husband disagrees. It's just kind of "eh". If you're hungry, it's there.
Had the big breakfast maybe to much the avg person but I finished it. Pretty decent menu  and a fair price.
Review of the New GameWorks Las Vegas by Mother of three boys.\n\nI signed up online for GameWorks rewards program a week before we left on our trip and received a free $10 game play in my email inbox (sweet)\nMy first impression of the new town square location was that the shopping center had plenty of parking and high end shops and out door play spaces for kids.\nInside the Facility seems much cleaner, and brighter than the old basement style location on the strip, that we had visited for years prior to it closing. \nThis location seems much less busy right at the opening versus in the afternoon hours on the weekends.\n\nThe Party/Restaurant area:\nWe had drove from out of state to celebrated my oldest' s birthday here. Birthday parties have many options like: dedicated packages with your own room or u can reserve a table in the restaurant area. \nWe chose a table and added balloons, Andre was our server. I remember this because he was just so friendly and attentive! I felt like we were his only party.. Which we were not! \nThere was two other large groups having parties the same time. It was not bad thou.\nThere is no dedicated "kids menu". However we found the Pizza and GameWorks nachos are large enough for kids to share or for an adult as a meal. (The steak on the nachos was very tender and was flavorful.) Each of these seemed kid friendly and were a part of the Play and Eat combo menu (so you could have opted to get a 1 hour timed game card for about $2.99 more if you were coming outside a party package- plus $2 card activation if it's your first time getting a card). \nHowever the other menu items are mostly adult game day kind of foods or high end restaurant type meals, that would be great for a night watching sports/ or a girls night out. Not a lot of options small kids ( like hotdogs, mac and cheese etc.) I am usually an avid "Yelper" and had been slightly concerned prior to our arrival, about food quality and service, due to some older reviewers. My mind was quickly changed! \nI had to talk with the chef in advance of ordering because of food allergies and he was very professional and reassuring.  He said they had a new menu starting presidents day with several new items ( like mac and cheese balls), and that the kitchen had changed a lot since opening ( which happens a lot now that I think about restaurants I frequent). He was right that things must have changed, because the quality far exceeded the reviews I had read. I had no problem getting food everyone could eat (despite allergies) and Andre refilled my drink 4 times in the 40 mins. we sat to eat.\n       \nInside the Arcade:\nFamily friendly atmosphere; Plenty of room for our stroller. We even saw a few double strollers while we were there! The family bathroom has a koala changing station. However no place within this bathroom to toss a dirty diaper, other than the tiny hand towel basket? (Hopefully they invest in a solution in the future)\nFor kids of all ages; The game floor seems to consist of several "zones": Many large ride on/in games, A row of bloody shoot up games , Massive flashy ticket games, A "eSports" LAN room which is quiet, dark and filled with a gamers wildest dreams worth of P.Cs and gaming systems, and lastly the bowling ally ( which I will go into more detail on later).\nGameWorks did not disappoint with more than enough things to keep everyone entertained for five amazing hours that just flew by.\nWe had so much fun on the floor with timed cards we returned on the 15th for a second day, to allow for time in the eSports room for my older boys.\n\neSports/ Bowling Alley:\nI inquired about the package options here as well for his party next year, and decided that's what we will plan for, for next time because of the value and option of pc based games like Minecraft. \nWhile here they spent 2 hours playing diablo 3 and mine craft.\nOverall all boys had to be dragged out in the end they were having such a good time, look forward to many visits in years to come!
Spring rolls are a must try, super crunchy and lots of fillings!\nCrab tomato soup is definitely to die for .
There is nothing more relaxing then looking over a golf course while enjoying lunch. The Flight Decks' location across Las Vegas Blvd from Town Square gives the added bonus of a Strip view. With an impressive menu which boasts a wonderful array of outside the box appetizers like fried green tomatoes and gourmet burgers & sandwiches, plus breakfast selections all day, I would like this newer eatery to remain my own secret dining spot, but I am certain it won't be hidden away for much longer. I thoroughly enjoyed my gourmet burger, fries, spinach salad w hot bacon dressing and tea. I shall return!
Lunch specials are reasonably priced, filling and taste quite authentic.
Had lunch here with sisters. I got their "banh uot cha lua", sisters had rare beef pho and rice with pork chop and steamed egg. Food tasted not as good as my last visits. Service was fast. The only good thing was their egg pudding " banh Flan".
Awesome place! Visiting vegas from California, saw this place on yelp and had so many great reviews we had to check it out. Friendly service, great food choices, great prices! Totally awesome place! Planning on having breakfast there again tomorrow!!
Since we loved Aiellos so much, we had to support them and give this place a try! We ordered the Family Dinner to go from Aiello's Salumeria just down the sidewalk, and ate here while waiting for our food. \n\nBryan had the green chili burger while I had the pizza burger. We decided to order different ones so we could split and try both. The buns are actually garlic knots or something similar, but they are shaped like cinnabons in which the dough is spiraled all the way to the center. Unique fun idea but man, does this make for a horribly messy burger. You are forced to gobble up the burgers very quickly so they don't fall apart on you. The pizza burger was good, but I liked the chili one more just because there was more flavor to it. It's not that spicy either, so if you're afraid of spice, you are safe to order this chili one. \n\nThe restaurant and bar are very nice. I loved the dark woods and back lighting. The place is alot more trendy and fun in comparison to the rustic, yet charming older restaurant on Central Avenue close to Camelback. I'm hoping for this place to be a success, but I feel like there are a few more "things" that need to be worked out. Even if their burgers are just okay to most people it seems (after reading several previous reviews), let me assure you that their regular Italian food is their specialty and what they're amazing at!
Live bug in sauce\nI saw a bug crawling in Green sauce which I already put it in my food.  When I reported it to waiter there she just disappeared with the sauce. No one came to my table for 10 minutes and  I had to call waiter to replace my food with bug infected food after 10 minutes.\nWorst experience ever.
Called 4 times kept getting put on hold and never picked back up. Employees are kind of rude. Managers are a waste of $ they actually just walk around and do nothing. The cooks are the only ones working hard. When they finally answered to take my order they said 25 mins well it actually was 45 mins to make 3 tacos lol. They need to rehire a whole new staff w the exception of the cooks. That's why I gave 2 stars cause the food tasted so good. Hire managers, servers, and hostesses that actually smile. Nobody wants to pay to see resting bitch face.  \n\nMy tacos were very good. El Jeffe was delicious. I recommend Barrio, just not this location.
I have been here at least 3 or 4 times now and I will continue to go back.  The way it works is awesome.  They freshly make the doughnut right in front of you.  You pick a coating, a topping, and then a drizzle and you can do as many as you like for only $1.30/each.  That is a heck of deal.  Even though they are making them as you order they are pretty stinking fast.  I grew up in the south so cake donuts are not something I have been accustomed to but these are really good especially when they are just made and you sit down and eat them in the store.  I am a fan and will continue to go.  Probably my third favorite doughnut spot.  My favorite one is the peanut butter coating with oreo topping and the salted caramel drizzle.
Great lunch spot with a diverse selection, can't beat the views and the environment of the springs preserve itself. I want to come back and try their happy hour or brunch, too, when I have more time! The only downside is each time I've been in there's only been a few people in line to order at the counter, usually only one person taking the orders, and it's been very slow. The last time it took over 20 mins to get through the three of us in line, and that's half the time I have for my lunch. Other than that, the experience and food were great!
enjoy coming here to break away from the usual going out but there is always some sort of issue. first time we came here we were seated at the bar with no bartender. waited fifteen minutes and kept seeing an employee poke her head out and look at us from in back. after having to find a manager we finally received service. manager comped us our first round. last time I came had some lady throw a drink on me and she wasn't kicked out. they claimed because she has a kid even tho she's in here all the time and never spends any money, even the bar staff told us they have to kick her out all of the time due to complaints. manager comped us 2 hr play cards. today decided to take advantage of the entertainment industry happy hour from 3pm-close. upon getting here bar didn't know what it was and manager tried telling me it's difficult to see on the website? when you go to games works website you select your location for the deals so it's listed clear as day on there so I'm not exactly sure what he was talking about as I showed him on my phone. the 2 guy bartenders that were together are usually here when we come in and they're nice so 2 stars for that. also should probably remove the picture of a Moscow mule from the happy hour menu since it's not part of it.
2 stars because the food was OK. \nThis was the first time I ordered takeout from this place for our family and went out of my way because a friend told us about it. During the phone order I ask them if the dinner entrées came with pork fried rice, they said no. I then ordered 2 pork fried rice to go with our Entres. When I got home 15 minutes away I found two containers of pork fried rice and two containers of white rice. I was also missing some pot stickers for the order. I then called back to let them know about the missing food and to inquire about the fried rice. When I ordered I had asked if pork fried rice came with the entrée they said NO. The second time I called to let them know the mistake they said they could do it for a $1 up charge. Wish this was communicated better the first time I called when I placed the order because this what I really wanted. NOT to spend almost an extra $20 on fried rice. I was also a bit surprised nothing was offered to me for the inconvenience of me going out of my way for forgotten food and having to drive back to get the rest of my missing order.\n\nNow to review the food.\nMongolian beef: good flavor, onions were super raw and not cooked enough.\n\nCrab Rangoons: were good but lacking filling.\n\nGeneral Tso chicken: was cooked great and had great spice and flavor.\n\nPork Fried Rice: not worth the almost $20 extra than the $2 up-charge for what I wanted. But it was "pork fried rice"\n\nHot sour soup: good soup, tasted just like the soup we get at Cherry near lake Wiley.\n\nPot stickers: can't really review them because by the time I got back home from RedBowl the second time my family was already done with dinner and we put them in the fridge for leftovers.\n\nHonestly I don't think we will give them another try. If some responsibility was taken by the person who took our order when I called back about the missing food and not said "that's what you ordered" & maybe offered us a free potsticker or something the next time we would order from them I think we would be more likely to give them another try.....
This place is by far the best ramen spot in AZ. Welcoming and attentive staff. Great pricing. Yummy appetizers. Fantastic wide selection of ramen broth. You also have the choice of choosing regular ramen or udon noodles.
Took my BF here for his birthday, made a reservation two weeks in advance.\n\nWe were a bit late for our reservation which made me nervous we would lose the table. When we arrived the hostess seated us at the most awkwardly placed table in the restaurant (IMO) which caused us to have to sit side by side not to get constantly bumped into being in the middle of the aisle. This place is tiny! \n\nAfter about 15 minutes of awkwardness, we were eventually moved to a more sensibly located table which had been empty ever since we arrived. Thanks!!\n\nNot deflated and just wanting to enjoy ourselves, we ordered a couple of fancy drinks, including mojitos and the Paloma (?). Well made and strong! Woot!\n\nOur starter was the spicy peel and eat shrimps - so messy but sooooo good! My BF got the beef braised tacos which were very awesome, I recommend anyone try these!\n\nFor our mains, my boyfriend ordered the steak and I got the chill relleno (I always have to order this at any Mexican restaurant, it is my fave!). Unfortunately his steak came out much more rare than he wanted (he ordered medium rare and got rare). The waitress was super nice about taking it back but he was just turned off at it and shared my main with me. She ended up comping us a dessert for the trouble and taking the steak off the bill, which was nice.  \n\nWe actually ordered both desserts to try (after all it was his berfday!), the churros and the tres leches cake. I loved both of them but the cake was something out of this world. It was seriously one of the best desserts I have ever had and hands down the best tres leeches for sure.\n\nBy the end of our visit, it seemed some heavily intoxicated people had piled into the restaurant and the noise level increased substantially. The woman behind me kept knocking into my chair and it was a bit uncomfortable. We just wanted to roll our stuffed selves out of there at that point.\n\nI enjoyed the food but have to say did not love the ambiance.
Their nann is so good...  The channa masala and curry prawns were so good! It was my 1st visit and will def go back
Most authentic Indian food outside of India!  I know, because I've been!   Don't let the idea of  exotic food scare you away...there's something for everyone here, even vegetarians and children!  Try the paneer (pressed cheese) dishes or samosas choley if you don't like meat.  Try the chicken or paneer Makhani if you don't like the heat!  For medium-spicy dishes, the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent with a side of rice and naan bread!  If you want a bite of something that'll bite you back with a really great flavor, try the Tandoor Fish wrap!  The key to eating reasonably is to go as a group of 2 or more, get rice and naan and a couple different items to share with the entire table.  You don't have to drink alcohol, but there's a full service bar at all 3 of the Tandoori Times locations and the beer selection is above-average!  This is the original location and offers a great, semi-upscale atmosphere and a nice patio complete with hookah!  Bellydancers join the fun on Friday and Saturday nights.  Decent value if you crave very good quality food, an exotic atmosphere and an authentic Indian experience.  Ok, the bellydancing isn't exactly authentic, but it's definitely exciting!  One of my favorite weekend hangouts...solid 5 out of 5!
Found this place walking down the street.  A local said it was good and had dim sum which we liked.  We sat down and they brought a bunch of dishes to review which we took most of. Then mysteriously the carts stopped.  We waited and waited and I finally asked if more food was coming out.  They said we had to order off the menu.  We ordered a few more items and they questioned why so few. Had to explain we already ate a bunch.  \n\nI have no idea how much each item was. Our bill came to $41.70 which included 4 cans of pop.  Seems to be reasonable for what we ate.  The food was decent.  Not the best dim sum that we have ever had but it was enjoyable.  We saw locals eating non-Dim Sum and their portions looked large.
Came here for afternoon tea.  Reasonably price and food selection.  Spacious inside, getting into parking lot can be a challenge because of markville mall traffic.  I would come back again.
A mediocre Mexican restaurant in a neighbourhood with pretentious clientele.  \n\nMy husband and I went here on the suggestion of a friend and we didn't make reservations.  We had to wait for at least an hour or so, or if someone didn't show up for their reservation - which ever came first.  I think this is poor planning on the restaurant's part.  I think they should set aside a few tables, at least, to accommodate those who didn't make reservations and who came here on a whim.\n\nWhile we were waiting in line, people would ask if we had a reservation to which we replied "no."  They would then give this smug look and say "We do!"  Okay, relax there buddy.\n\nThe food was okay.  I guess if you've  never had Mexican food you would think this was good.  I've been fortunate enough to taste Mexican food from California made by real Mexicans so eating here was just "meh."  The fish tacos had too much salad piled on top and the fish wasn't tasty at all.  My husband got a burrito and he, being a Californian native, didn't enjoy it.\n\nCan't say we would go back here.  Two thumbs down - one for the food and one for the people.
If you're looking for a spin on Mexican food, this is the place! Hidden gem , would highly recommend. The only downside to my experience here is the location, it is EXTREMELY tight. I am not usually one to complain for small intimate restaurants, but this place is just too small for comfort.
Went there last week at 2pm ... The dim sum was unbelievable delicious.  Very fresh food. Stuff was very friendly and they spoke English. It wasn't busy at that time.  The restaurant was clean.
My personal favorite pizza in the entire city. Do yourself a favor and get a pepperoni pizza (out of this world!) and an Italian hoagie double baked in the oven.\n\nMy family has been coming here for as long as I can remember and I have many good memories of this place! I will continue to come here and bring my children here as Napoli Pizzeria is a Pittsburgh institution. \n\nI would recommend this place to any of yinz out there! Support pizza shops like Napoli who actually take pride the food they serve!
We have driven by this place a number of times, tucked away in a cozy area of Dupont Street. Cozy relaxed and unpretentious looking, we looked forward to trying the spot out. I'll get the bad out of the way first...\n\nValue - I briefly checked the website first and initially thought the prices seemed reasonable, but later realized all the $9 items I saw were on the appetizer menu (which are the first things you see on the site). Based on some of the other reviews here, I would say the prices have gone up, as I saw no $4 nachos. We ordered a small basket of nachos and cup of guacamole for $9. We had a couple of small mixed drinks and two more very small appetizers (literally 8 chips on a plate) for a total bill of $65 (did I mention we didn't order any main course). Now I understand that these prices are not unprecedented in Toronto, but at these prices the portions of everything were about half of what they should have been.\n\nNow for the good...\n\nThe Service - We found our server to be attentive in just the right amount and very friendly. The rest of the staff were warm as we entered as well. Great service.\n\nThe Food - This was some of the best tasting Mexican food I have had. I only wish the portion sizes were sufficient for the prices charged, as it would have been great to savor these flavors at greater length. Everything was fresh and authentically made. It's the closest to tasting the real Mexico as you'll get in the city.\n\nAmbiance - This place was just what we had hoped for in terms of its cozy appeal. It had a warmth in its style and the little residential area that it is tucked into makes you feel right at home. \n\nI would have given this four stars easily if there was little more food on my plate for the price paid. In the end I will look at this a place to go on a special occasion only, with those I was to treat to a small sample of really great Mexican food.
One of the best risotto's I've had.
Have been going to Barrio's pretty much weekly for the last month/moth and a half.\nThe first time eating at Barrio's was at the Cleveland Heights location. Great food and service, then tried Barrio's in Tremont and Lakewood, same great food and service. Returned back to the Cleveland Heights location last night ( 9/3) and two weeks prior to this. The service was slow both times. Last night was seated right away on the patio, but then took the waiter at least 10 if not 15 minutes to come to the time. Was about to just get up and leave. Ordered queso for the chips that took about 10-15 minutes to come after ordering. Food was alright but not as great as it has been the first couple times we had Barrio's/
Went in there for lunch and it was a great experience. Our waiter was very sweet and professional and the food was awesome.
Gosh the selection of hot sauces here makes this my favorite sub shop. I love the Poison sauce. Good prices, delicious food. Try it if you haven't already!!
Waaaaaaa, freaking best donuts ever! People are always bringing these beauties into the office for every event, birthdays, retirements, anniversary's, bar mitzvahs, graduation of their second cousin twice removed....EVERYTHING. They are soft but a chewy soft and have several flavors: sprinkles, chocolate with sprinkles, glaze, plain, bacon covered, the works.
Sweet and Sassy Shrimp is amazing.\nCmon in for the specials you won't be disappointed
This place was such a nice place to go to have fun while eating and chatting with your family. It was a very well kept up restaurant. With a family friendly environment. The food was wonderful and well done.
The hotel and staff are great with the exception of Michelle in the bar area. She might have been the most unfriendly person that I have ever met. Maybe she was just having a bad day. As far as the rest of the hotel I would have given them a 5.
I have been coming 3 times a week for lunch and choosing grilled fish and veggies to aid my diet plan. Service from 1115 to noon is great..food great..lost 20 lbs great..very nice server's.
I came here with high expectations, but I was not satisfied in the end.\n\nService- dim sum are all served with dim sum carts, you need to wait and wait until what you want come. Waitresses speak cantonese, so if you can't understand Cantonese like me, I did not get all dim sum I want before I walked out from this restaurant.\n\nDim sum- just average, since everything finally come to your table has already been put on those carts for a long time, I think they are not hot enough.
This place is great!!!\n Lots of options love that you can chose everything that goes in the taco.\nThat hard shell with the hair in between the soft shell is amazing. \nTofu is also really good for the vegetarians my tacos turned out great.\nThe trio with the guac and cheese I can just live off of!! Love it will be back again soon
I will preface my review by noting that I am a Japanese American, and have lived in Southern California for most of my life.  Sushi bars are on nearly every other street corner in some parts of Orange County, and I've had my fair share of excellent, and terrible sushi.\n\nThis is the best Japanese place we've found in eastern Gilbert.  Is it authentic?  The owners are not Japanese, but this is darn near as close to the real thing as I'm going to find in AZ.\n\nI've been to this restaurant multiple times with my husband.  We usually go on a weekday just after work, around 5:30, to take advantage of happy hour (served until 6pm).  There's always at least one or two other tables already filled, no matter what day we go.  \n\nNotes on price/serving size: \n1) It's a restaurant that sell sushi, which must be FRESH, else risk poisoning your patrons.  Since this is AZ, fresh ingredients are expensive to obtain.  Some ingredients are difficult to find locally, and must be imported.  For these reasons, the price will be higher than other types of restaurants.  No matter where you live, expect to pay more for sushi than a burger joint. \n2) Sushi restaurants in general have small portions.  Even if you eat until you are stuffed, an hour or two later you will not doubt feel snack-ish.  This is because rice expands in your stomach, making you feel full.  If you want more for your money, order chicken, beef, or sashimi, and limit your rice intake.\n\nDon't like fish?  Pregnant?  No problem.  There are plenty of other things on the menu at this restaurant other than raw fish.  If you enjoy noodles, their Pho is quite good, and I always enjoy the udon, which comes with a little slice of Kamaboko, something that is VERY difficult to find around these parts.  They also have an impressive selection maki (rolled) sushi to choose from.  I did not care as much for the teriyaki bowl; the sauce is not as sweet as I was expecting, but the vegetables were fresh and very good.\n\nWhy not 5 stars, you ask?  Once in awhile, the waitress gets my order slightly wrong.  But, the food is so good that I don't call her on it.  No matter what they put in front of me, I'm going eat and enjoy.
On a work trip from Florida, I heard about this place, at my hotel bar, from a local named Bryan.  I can't thank him enough. \n\nThis place was small, jam-packed with people, and full of staff hustling order after order.  This is always a good sign. \n\nThe food was excellent.  The fish tacos are a must try.  They also have a full bar offering a variety of tequilas.  \n\nHighly recommend this place for authentic, gourmet-style, Southern California Mexican food.
Nice decor, place is huge so lots of seating.\nMost rice come with soup and drink combo.
Same great food as their orig. location on Indian School but with just a touch more class and better looking clientle than the Phoenix location.  Guaranteed to add a few pounds and to clog a few arteries.
I had the spinach salad with the beef, for $12 they need to throw on more spinach and less red onions, overall the salad was good.  My husband enjoyed his fish tacos and my kids could have split a kids meal, the pbj and grilled cheese sandwiches were huge and the fruit bowl that comes with the kids meal is huge too .. all for $4 per kids meal (sandwich, fruit and milk).
Very good food and friendly staff! We ordered  and  fettuccine alferedo and chicken parmigiana with salad, nicely cooked with lots of spices and herbs. Cheese balls were fresh and crunchy. We'll go back again!
Amazingly fresh! Light cake donuts! Worth every penny and the 25 min drive. I had the zebra and cinnamon roll they were both delicious!
I'm not sure how we got lost in translation.  I ordered lunch for work here today, ordered it to go.  I should have checked it before I left.  I ordered the Phoenix Maki roll which is described on their website as:  "Phoenix Maki - spicy tuna topped with avocado, spicy mayo and masago.9.25".  It had no Ahi / Tuna in it.   It was breading mixed with spicy sauce on the inside, also no masago.  This was a really big dissapointment for me, my coworker suggested this place as one of the better sushi spots.  I posted a pic to show what I got next to my order receipt. You can see no tuna, only breading with mayo inside.  And you can see no masago.   I'm so bummed.
First things first. This is a neighborhood bar. This isn't advertising itself as a five star establishment. So everyone who is knocking it for its decor and the fact that it doesn't remind them of some snobs knob need a reality check. That being said; this place has some of the best Italian food I have ever eaten, and I was raised by Italians who lived in their kitchens. I come here all the time and have yet to have a bad meal.
We drove 35 minutes from our home to try these donuts and I must say I was impressed!!! Good assortment of flavors, toppings, and glazes but I was a little disappointed by there being no filled donuts or apple fritters etc.. we ordered a dozen $15 and they where made to order by hand which the kids thought was cool. My fav was the maple bacon but I've had my eye on this donut for awhile!! Also had French toast, vanilla w/ Oreo crumbles, chocolate with salted Carmel, strawberry with powdered sugar.. all of them were great and we will definitely be back again!!
Love this pizza. My roommate got me hooked. The dough is delicious and they are generous with toppings. Delivery time can take a while so don't wait til you're starving. Prices are good for what you get.
The only thin I get here is there ravioli de portobello. Never really tried anything else. But I'm a fan of that ravioli. \n\nAlso alittle tip if you go for dinner you can still get lunch size incase you're aren't thy hungry and it's still lunch price. I have a feeling no one tells you that when you're ordering.
Almost as good as my mom's pho... but since you may not have a Vietnamese mother who knows how to make pho, this is your best bet in Toronto. The pho is delicately seasoned and the noodles are soft. If you like it spiced, try their Bun Bo Hue (#11). Their Banh Coung Cha Lua (#12) is also a must try! If you like Vietnamese desserts, try the Suong Sua Hot Lua (#78) which you can't get anywhere else.
Yup, the food matches the hype!\n\nToo bad you gotta make a reservation years in advance (not really, but it certainly feels that way). Just make sure you're arriving at the correct location....Playa Cabana has TWO locations on Dupont: this one, and PC Hacienda, which is further east.\n\nThe interior is very intimate (ie small), as is the patio. Actually, the whole restaurant looks like a converted home which just adds to its quaintness.\n\nI started with a beautiful glass of sangria (I'm a sangria snob and this one was excellent!) and outstanding guacamole and chips. While we hemmed and hawed about what to order, our server suggested we just share a selection of tacos ("because that's what most people do") so we ordered:\n\nBaja fish tacos (grilled, not fried) -- positively delicious\nChicken tacos ("tacos de pollo al carbon" with fresh mango salsa) -- great\nBraised shortrib brisket tacos -- holy hell!! Amazing.
Best burgers, truffle fries, and garlic chili wings!!! We LOVE going! Staff is excellent and kids eat free on Tuesdays. Whenever my parents come to visit they make sure to eat here. Just try it and I promise you will become a regular as well. Again....try the wings and fries...can't envision anyone being disappointed. They are the new standard we measure all wings and fries against now.
3.5/5 for the food \n4.5/5 for service\n\nThe food carts came around very frequently even though we were sat in a corner. \nWe ordered a variety of dimsum - chicken feet, sesame ball, short ribs, egg & pork congee, rice rolls etc. The quality was on par with fmost  dimsum restaurants; taste was nothing special but not a poor experience for sure.  Overall positive experience.
2.5 stars. I have a feeling that at some point in the 1970s this place was serving amazing family recipe homemade gyros and built some kind of mystique. Well, now it's clearly just Kronos fast food, and they misfire on all cylinders.\n\nThe meat is barely roasted and heated through, it's supposed to be super charred. Cucumber sauce is just some yogurt. The pita isn't olive oil crispy, it's microwaved or something. You can get a sandwich like this anywhere in Chicago, prepared a lot better.\n\nPrices are good, portions are fine for the cost, flavor is substandard to most gyros I've had elsewhere. I'd still eat junk food here over Chipotle, which is fresher but a heartless corporation, but this place is a big disappointment considering the lore that comes with it. \n\nFind that old family recipe and get back to doing things the old fashioned way!
I was expecting a steamed and moist smoked meat sandwich but got a very average quality meat in my smoked meat sandwich.    Fries were thick cut deli style and were very good.\n\nI would recommend Peters on Eglinton for a far superior smoked meat sandwich and would not come here again.
Worst drive-thru service I have ever experienced.  Drive-thru attendant was very rude, even though we only treated her with kindness.  Had to pull up and wait as others came and went through the drive-thru.  When someone came out, they only had half our order.  The milkshakes looked like they had been dropped on the floor.  I loved this place, but it was so bad I don't plan to return.
We were super excited about this place opening, as we have been frequent patrons of the Tremont location. I'm sad to write such a negative review but we have been here MANY times to give it a fair chance. The bartenders (really, several of them, during several different visits) are unbelievably rude!!!! I have never in my life experienced such consistently terrible service; it almost seems like it must part of their training: being an asshole. And I don't mean just inattentive (though they are that, as well) but profoundly rude to customers. Just to clarify though, the wait staff- after we have been seated- have always been good. No complaints there.\n\nOne other thing that this Barrio is incredibly consistent with is getting orders wrong. Every time. Seriously. EVERY TIME. It almost makes you wish that you could write down exactly what you want on your taco and give them a piece of paper with the information on it so they could check.....oooohhh...waaaaiiit.......
7/29/17 Is my last visit (I can't)! I really really wanted to love this place but when I saw the employee use the cloth to clean with then turn around and wipe her gloves on the same cloth while creating my donut designs... NASTY, GROSS!
Came here by myself for happy hour since I am new to the area. Just what I've been looking for! The menu is confusing at first, it's not explained well. On the bar side it's totally divey vibe, they were playing kill bill two omg so obsessed! Thursday is $5 ramen night, vegetarian or beef, I got the beef it was so good. Then I got the yuzu box (aka bento box) the novelty of it is hysterical, adorable and delicious. They serve it with a cream ale "little kings". Their beer selection is so diverse, and their happy hour 4 to 6 is great. The moshi moshi mule is $3! Where do you ever see a Moscow mule type drink for $3?? I will be back here next week with my bf so he can experience the joy as well.
I'm shocked I haven't reviewed these guys before! This is my Go-To place for Indian food. Really delicious! \n\nPros- Very good food! I was a newbie to Indian food when I first came here (years and years ago) and now I feel super confident in my ability to order it. You can request what level of spiciness you'd like (scale of 1 to 5) which is nice if you're a wuss like I am! They have bellydancers on the weekends (don't make eyecontact or they will ask you to dance with them lol). The servers are usually very attentive (fill up soda's quickly, can answer questions, you know, the usual). \n\nCons- I guess my biggest gripe would be that they are forever offering a Groupon. The worst part? When I came here last I was with my aunt and she used a Groupon. NOOOOO!!!! I HATE HATE HATE Groupon and Groupon users (sorry Aunt Kris, you are of course exempt because you at least tip on the full amount). I say this with love Tandoori Times as I have been loyal to you since high school, no more Groupon! Honestly it ruins the experience for us loyal full paying customers because suddenly the restaurant is packed with these deal-chasing vultures.
Oh my goodness, amazing! My husband and I decided to give it a try and we're so glad we did! So yummy and an inexpensive little treat to do together. So glad we came, we'll be back! The hubs loves the maple bacon and honestly I tried it, it was so good!! Impressed. Fresh, clean, great environment
Great beer selection!  Plenty of good local beers to choose from along with other varying choices.  It was big and cozy... we sat at two couches with TVs all over the place.  My boyfriend loved it right away.  Definitely a guy's sports place.  We ordered the calamari for appetizer and were pleased.  He loved the drunken center cut pork chops.  He was pleased to see they were bone-in and cooked perfectly.  I ordered my burger medium rare and it came out medium well.  The service was just okay... At one point, it seemed like the whole wait staff had disappeared when we were just trying to get our check.  We would definitely go back to watch a game and have a beer and maybe grab a bite to eat.
This is the most wonderful grill in the Phoenix Metro area. You can relax and visit with friends and family over one of the largest selections of burgers anywhere. The service is anazing and the atmosphere top notch. Once you eat there youll always be back for more. Say hi to Madison who will ensure you leave satisfied.
I'm only giving this place a 3 because the selection of games has significantly decreased since it's movement from the Las Vegas strip. \n\nI still however love the environment. It reminds me more of a "Dave and Buster's" establishment with a bar and restaurant available right inside. You're able to reserve for parties which makes it perfect for groups and birthdays. If you're a hard core gamer this might not be the arcade for you since the selection of games is limited. But if your just here for fun family and games it'll be experience for you and whomever you want to bring. \n\nService is really top notch as always.\nSo make sure to enjoy your time here : )\n\nMy review is more for the arcade portion of this establishment.\n\neverything else gets a 4 star rating.
Not the best dim sum joint in Toronto, but definitely a lot better than the other ones in Chinatown. The dishes will pass through the tables on carts so you can just point at something you want and they'll bring it to your table. Definitely get the usual dishes like Har Gow or shrimp rice rolls, and if you haven't already, try the chicken feet and the deep fried pork dumplings. One of the dishes came to our table pretty cold which was slightly disappointing. Overall, one of the better dim sum places in the area but if you don't mind a little drive I would recommend any dim sum restaurant in Scarborough instead. \nAlso, don't come around lunch time on a weekend as the waiting time will be quite lengthy!
I think they've updated their menu a bit over the last year as I hadn't been in a while and when I went last week I was really impressed. I always get take out, and their rolls are so fresh and tasty (better than I remember from about 8 months ago) and as others have said their miso is really good. I always have leftovers for lunch the next day and this is the only sushi I've ever had that is still just as delicious after being left in the fridge overnight. Their customer service is above and beyond, especially compared to other sushi restaurants. I'm always offered tea while I wait, and the chef usually comes out from behind the counter and gives me a freshly made hand roll (on the house) while I'm waiting for my order. These gestures combined with how delicious their food is keeps me loyal to In Japan!
Pretty bad place. The fries where horrid, done in super old oil where your fries come dark and you can taste the oil. The coleslaw was ok, but was very watery. I got the roast beef, but to be honest it tasted like pastrami and was super salty. He wasn't very generous with the mustard, had to ask for more.
This is really quaint mexican joint with amazingly fresh food, one of the best in Toronto. My favorites are the guac to start, then fish tacos, short rib tacos, the corn and a mojito wash it down. The tres leches cake is to die for.\n\nIf you have room  I would recommend trying the different catch of the day. If you see Lobster tacos on the specials menu ....ORDER IT!\n\nMake sure you try and make reservations or be prepared to wait some time for a table but it's totally worth it.
I came here with my family as they had advertised in the Chinese newspaper for some set Peking duck meals that includes soup and dessert. We wanted to try it out for lunch and had called ahead to make sure we're able to get that meal for lunch. They took a reservation for us and confirmed that we are able to do as we wish.\n\nWe came here for lunch on a Saturday of Chinese New Year and the restaurant was about 2/3 full, but they had ample staff there, I'm not sure if this is a normal thing or they had anticipated that it would be super busy.\n\nWe wanted to add a few more dishes and had asked for a server's suggestion, she suggested the best bang for our buck and ones that would be more suitable for my grandfather. We got a steamed lotus leaf fried rice with shrimp and I really enjoyed that one. The Hong Kong style milk tea was also great.\n\nThe Peking duck was ok, it wasn't as crispy as I have had it from other places. We were also served a whole fish, a soup, a seafood vegetable dish and noodle soup and they were also acceptable. At the end of our meal, we were waiting for our desserts, but we were told they only have dessert at dinner, but we had called about this meal and they said they're able to serve it at lunch and no where in the advertisement did it say dinner only. We were given some sort of kids' mango yoghurt dessert as a replacement, better than nothing I guess.\n\nI am however, a bit confused as to what kind of restaurant to classify this, because my family had a 5-course Peking duck meal, something you usually get from a Chinese restaurant, but most of the menu, and the decor suggests a Hong Kong style cafe. Confusion aside, there's an array of items on the menu that will probably take you long to decide. Variety is the spice of life and if you're with a group of people who can't decide on one kind of food to eat, this would be great place to take them.
We really enjoyed out visit to Red Koi. We went on a Sunday evening shortly after they opened  (at 5:00pm on Sundays). There were only two other tables dining when we came in. Our waiter was really friendly, but not overbearing.\n\nThe menu is good, we were able to pick from happy hour specials as well as the full menu. I got the small sashimi plate, seaweed salad and the shrimp and vegetable tempura. For dessert, I got the mango mousse cake for dessert. My husband and I also split the eel and white tuna nigiri. It was all really good, fresh, delicious. \n\nI also thought the prices and portion sizes were competitive, very reasonable for Japanese. My husband got beef yakisoba and it was a nice big portion. With my meal, my husband's dinner, his cheesecake (which he said was very good) for dessert, and a carafe of sake, our total was $57. But we had really a lot of food.\n\nIt was great, and the atmosphere was really nice. I heard some Zero 7 and something from the Tron soundtrack, so they tend to play low key electronic music, very nice. My husband and I will definitely be going again, this was a nice find.
Great place! I've eaten here at least a half dozen times and the food has always been on point. Servers are great the majority of the time and I absolutely love the couches...because who doesn't want to lounge while they eat?\n\nSo first I will start off with the brunch service....$2 mimosas anyone? Granted they aren't extremely strong but they are only $2 and still hit the spot! The bloody mary is exceptional as well!\n\nAs far as happy hour specials, I think it's a fair assumption to say that Brickhouse has the best happy hour specials in the Cuyahoga Falls area. Drinks are cheap and selected apps are half off. Totally worth it!\n\nI had my 24th birthday here in 2016 and Brickhouse was fabulous. They had the table ready for my party of 12 as soon as we arrived on a Saturday night. \n\nOverall...I can't praise this place enough and I look forward to my next charcuterie board and thai peanut chicken salad!
the manager during lunch was extremely rude to us, harassed us about my grandmother's  service dog, even though we showed the dogs credentials. 10 minutes later after the verbal assault she finally seated my disabled grandmother. she nor  I will  never go back again . our server was their saving grace and the only reason we stayed.
Very cool that you can get a warm donut made to order just how you want it. Mine was delicious and the coffee was good too! Will be back for sure when I'm in Charlotte. It may not be the healthiest, but I justify my coffee and dunuts by having them as my pre-workout meal! Now I feel great and I'm ready to train. It's worth it!
Great Pho! Great Prices! Close to home and the portions are beyond fair! \nI prefer take-out to dine-in as I feel they give you more of the ingredients.
I visited this restaurant last night for the second and last time. The food was okay, but the service and attitude of staff ensured I will not be back. \n\nMy boyfriend and I came a couple of weeks ago, ordered burritos and drinks, and we're genuinely satisfied with our meal. \n\nLast night was different. There seemed to be some confusion about which server had our table because we had two come up to us. The one who ended up serving us was either very rude or seriously lacking social skills; but people in the service industry shouldn't struggle with that. My boyfriend asked if he could get the password for wifi or if all of their (numerous) networks were for staff. She answered "no." Uhhh what? How about "no sorry, unfortunately it's just for staff" or something to that effect? Very bizarre. \n\nI ordered the veggie burrito, as I had last time, and the waitress mentioned that the rice is cooked with chicken stock, so would I like it without rice? I was surprised because the server we had the first visit never mentioned this. As a vegetarian, I expect that kind of information to be on the menu or at least communicated verbally. Rice is normally cooked in water, so I didn't even think to ask if they cooked it with any kind of meat. \n\nSo I ordered a burrito sans rice. I wasn't thrilled, but I also wasn't going to leave because of it, my stomach was talking to me. I opened up my napkin wrapped silverware and found food residue on the fork and what looked like sauce on the napkin. I told the waitress and she brought me a new set. \n\nWe then asked to speak to the manager. The manager basically tried to put it on me that they cook the rice the way they do. He said "well now you'll know for next time." I've never managed a restaurant, but even I know you respond by saying "thanks for drawing that to my attention, I'll look into putting it on the menu." He spoke very incoherently. I honestly felt like I was talking to a teenager. I understand he may not have the authority to change the menu, but his response to me shouldn't have been what it was. \n\nAnd with the silverware, he grabbed the new set I had been given and said he'd bring me a new one. That new one never came, so we had to ask another server who was setting the table next to ours. \n\nOverall, I was very disappointed in the experience. I don't expect perfection, as mistakes do happen, but what counts is how the mistake is remedied, and this place did a very poor job.
A very nice cafe on the grounds of the Spring Preserve. The Hawaiian pizza was really good, but I think it's bigger than they advertise. Not really a problem, but keep that in mind that two people could easily share a small personal pizza.\n\nGreat view of Vegas from the restaurant and the balcony.
My friend and I went here to do the purikura. It was pretty cheap compared to HI. Also, the bowling alley was really fun.
I love love love Playa! I've never had a bad experience here. Everything that I have ordered on the menu has been delicious! Service is always quick and courteous. My personal favourite on the menu is the chicken tinga tacos!
Way better than the academy cafe. The Gluten free vegan wrap is great! The place looks cleaner and the staff is friendlier.
I'm a big fan of Milagro as it was formerly the only real Mexican food I had access to, so I'm really happy Playa Cabana has opened up. The menu is divided up into appetizers, tacos, burritos, and house specials, that includes entrees that don't fit into the other categories, such as huevos rancheros, tostadas, and carne asada.\n\nThe guacamole and nachos reminded me of Milagro, but with the option to add spice to it. Honestly though, I like Milagro's guac better, first because they give you a larger portion and second, at Playa Cabana I couldn't taste the other flavours in the guac too much, possibly because we ordered it spicy. The nachos were awesome though, and still warm from the oven (or more likely, the fryer).\n\nWe also ordered the chorizo sausage which was smothered in the best tasting sauce I've ever had.  The whole table was dipping their nachos in the sauce after the chorizo was done.  The sausage itself was pretty lean, and I'm a fan of fatty meat, but for a lean sausage, it was pretty good.\n\nThe taco dishes come with three small tacos each for about $12. If you're hungry, get the rice and beans on the side for another $2.  The corn tortillas the tacos are made with is fresh and delicious, and the filling (I got skirt steak and chorizo) is okay. They did not disappoint me but did not stand out either.\n\nThe burrito dishes are huge portions, so it feels much more satisfying to eat than the tacos.  The sauces on the burrito really made it good, and better than the tacos in my opinion.\n\nFor dessert I had a spicy mole gelato that was absolutely delicious. It was rich and chocolatey with a tiny kick of spice at the end.\n\nTo drink, try the agave margarita.  It has orange and lime juice and no sugar, just agave nectar.  In my opinion, Playa Cabana's margaritas are perfectly made. They also have Jarritos pop and Mexican pop made with real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup - you actually CAN taste a difference!!\n\nI highly recommend making a reservation here. The place is small, and was rammed the entire night.  I can't wait until summer when the patio is open - you will definitely find me there, sipping margaritas.
After a friend of mine (whom is from Chicago), told me to go to this place, I knew they had to live up to a good "Chicago" dog. It was perfect!\n\nEveryone who works there is just so sincere and gives great service.
Was here for my husbands birthday with family and friends. Best service from Jerred. Great food...great atmosphere!!! Will be coming back again
Ceviche -yes its 'cooked' with lime juice but half the serving bowl should not be lime juice. \n\nThe tortilla for the tacos al pastor crumbled in my hands -could not have been recently made and the meat was on the dry side. Overall conclusion was that this weekday lunch may not have been the best time to try this place out for the first time.
LOVE this place.  The donuts are great.  My favorite is the The Maple +  Bacon + Salted Caramel  one. Umm umm good!!  Parking can be a challenge but other than that the donuts and service has been good.
I was a little worried about heading here today after reading the other review on Yelp, but I was greatly surprised!\n\nMy business colleague suggested meeting at Springs Cafe for a business lunch. The space was beautiful, clean and had free wi-fi! The food was fresh, quality and healthy. I got the bento box special with pork belly and forbidden rice. The pork belly was perfectly cooked and tender, the rice full of flavor.  My colleague had the fish tacos, which looked tasty and our client had a panini, which she said was full of flavor.\n\nThe staff was very attentive and helpful and everything was very well priced. I will definitely be bringing clients back in the future!
Potstickers were good. The tsao chicken was terrible. The fried rice lacked flavor. The Philadelphia roll was very fishy. The Lomein was just ok
I liked Tandoori Times, but it is just too difficult to get to if you don't live in the area.\n\nI thought the food was not the normal Indian fare that I have eaten:   \n\n* Presentation was stepped up a bit.  \n* Food quality was great.  \n* I was a bit disappointed by the selelction of food, but I guess it is better to do a few key things well than offer a bunch of variety that is not as good.\n* Tables and booths were dressed up a bit.\n\nI would return here if in the area, but otherwise I prefer Maharaja Palace.
It's a simple place more suitable for take out than eating in. 5 stars for food!  Watch out - portions are huge, even small once. I had jerk chicken it came with a side of rice and beans and two more side choices (steamed cabbage, plantains, Mac-n-cheese as options). I got cabbage and plantains, both were perfection. The owner was very friendly. \n\nWhy 4 stars not 5?  There is no public bathroom, the inside is too hot, everything is served in to-go boxes.
Here for New Year's Eve. It opened at 9:30, it's now 10pm. Pizza is cold and they are out of cocktails. \n\nAlso apparently it of napkins.... \n\n2 hours to go.... waste of $50.
I'm a huge donut buff. Being from Texas, that's the one thing I missed moving to Charlotte--donut shops that AREN'T Dunkin Donuts(btw I used to worked there--donuts are two days old by the time they sell them). Anyways, these are exactly what I've been missing back home. Fresh, hot, amazingly-gooey, sugary donuts. I had them a couple times when my boyfriend brought them home to me but I promise there is not other experience like actually going in, ordering them and watching them get made. I promise they taste 1000x better if you're apart of the process. I got a maple bacon donut and that was normal. I love it.
Great donuts, but service was painfully slow. Did not enjoy watching what seemed to be a manager chit-chatting with customers while the employees struggled filling our order and the few of us had to wait what felt like triple the expected time.
I cannot put into words how bad of an experience I had at this restaurant.\n\nTerrible terrible terrible service. Food is okay, but over-priced and nothing you can't get at Milestones.\n\nPlease don't go.
There are two kinds of Dim Sum experiences in Toronto. The al-a-carte version in which servers literally push carts around with fresh bamboo steamers of dim sum items around the floor calling out for people to pick what they want; the other being one in which you tick off the dim sum you want from a paper menu that you give to your server. \n\nDim Sum King is the former type of place and thus it is quite a fun and traditional experience. You will hear the constant calls from cart pushers yelling out each type of dim sum that they have and unless you know Cantonese, you probably won't make much sense of the noise. It doesn't hurt learn the Cantonese names of your favourite dishes over time but you will always find the servers friendly enough to do their best to explain or even just show you what's under each lid.\n\nThe food here is pretty good. I'd say on the higher end of dim sum quality but not the best. There are other places that will out do the quality but you'll have to head out to the suburbs to find them. For a downtown Dim Sum experience that captures the chaos of al-a-carte where the food is good and reasonably priced, then Dim Sum King is the place to go!
Very busy on weekend mornings, but the line moves quickly.  Much better choice than Krispy Kreme or Dnkin Donuts!
Great variety as carts are pushed around.  No guessing from pictures, just point and served.  Delicious.
I tried the sea food pasta from this place and it was really good. The other pasta, the one with the mushroom sauce was not too good though. Overall it was good. I really enjoy their olive oil mixture for the bread.
Can I do negative stars?\nBlown away with how bad it was. I was expecting beef, not something that was fat and oil with no sense of blood ever having been part of the structure of whatever animal this patty was made of. Let's just say once you see it, and notice it doesn't look like meat, you'll bite into it and confirm that it doesn't taste like meat either.\nTastes like the frozen beef patties that you get from a supermarket. Only redeeming quality of the place is that they have free refills with their pop. If you want a better burger, I'm sad to say you can find it at McDonald's of all places.
Me and my boyfriend went on Sunday for early dinner. There are 2 or 3 set of stairs to go before reaching the restaurant. The place was busy, but not fully packed. We were seated in a corner, so it was quite hard for the servers to notice us whenever we wanted to call them. \n\nWe ordered 4 kinds of dim sum (beef balls, spare ribs with black pepper sauce, siu mai and shrimp and chives dumpling - har gaw) + 1 menu dish of beef stir Fry rice noodle ($11+). The shrimp and chives dumplings are the best out of these 4. Overall, dim sum was okay, I've had better in other places I visited, I'd give a 5 or 6 out of 10. On the other hand, the beef rice noodle was good, especially with chilli sauce. \n\nService was not that quick. We ordered dim sum first and ordered rice noodle 5-10mins later. And we got the latter first, and dim sum came in 5-10mins after.
First time have tried this restaurant since they moved. Overall food was tasty and the selection was really good. Only major problem we seen was that the cooked foods were not "hot"! They were just warm. This was throughout, because between my wife and myself we tried most everything. Price was good and the dessert bar was very good. Waitress kept our drinks full and table policed. Need to really turn up the heat across the board. Food is safer and taste much better when served at the correct temperature !
I never was really bold enough to try gyros until I landed in Chambana and was told Zorbas was worth a go. I do like their classic gyro and the price is good and it always goes well with the crinkle fries. The location is great for students on campus but often you need to work around the busy lunch hour or wait until summer when all the undergrads are gone. Watching the sports on television or listening to jazz on Thursday is also a draw in case you decide to come alone for lunch/dinner.
My first and ONLY time Charr will get my money! The manager told me off, including using the "f" word, when I phoned about an incomplete delivery order. If they weren't in such a crappy location, I just may have visited in person. Now? Don't think so. There are far better burgers all over Phoenix.
Service is rude, but pizza is great. Order at least two slices because they are small and will leave you craving more. The pepperoni is the best and I usually order cheese at other places. The pepperoni curls up and get all crispy and delicious. Like little cups to hold the grease. Yum!
If you are looking for great bar food this is the spot on the NE side of town.  Most people rave about the Friday fish and burgers, but to be honest I've not had a bad meal here.  Drinks are reasonable, and he has a good beer selection. It's not much for ambiance, but that's not what the place is.
Wow. wOw. WOW. Did I say WOW, cuz WOW. And I mean wow in the best possible way! Party of 7 came by on a Friday night with no expectations, no reservations, and a 2 year old which can usually spell out a recipe for disaster but boy did Charr impress! \n\nWe were seated right away at a perfect size table and greeted immediately by our very friendly and very competent server. We received info on the specials as well as tips for first timers. Our drinks came right away and our server was even conscientious enough to ask if we should bring the 2 year old's food right away! (YES PLEASE!). Mr. Aiello himself came by to greet us twice and make sure that everything was perfect. \n\nSo, what did we have? I can tell you, I had one of the best salmon burgers I've ever had in my whole life. A delicious, perfectly cooked filet atop the most delicious house made garlic knot bun. What I loved most was the fact that the bun never got soggy from the lemon basil mayo sauce and the arugula was so fresh I'd swear that it was snipped that day!  The salmon was perfectly done. The baby had housemade macaroni and cheese that every adult at the table swore was the best ever. I think we might all have it next time as a main dish ourselves. 4 different cheeses mixed in the sauce and topped with a slice of cheddar and baked to perfection. O.M.G. Several of the grown-ups had the Phoenix Burger and the Charr Burger. Everyone said the burgers were DE-LIC-IOUS and cooked to perfection since so many of us have different degrees of doneness that we prefer.  Final friend had the pork tenderloin and while that fell a tad short versus the burgers, the overall dining experience left her feeling 5 star all the way. \n\nDessert was also superb. I had the Strawberries and Zabaglione sauce while others had the Apple Cobbler served hot with vanilla ice cream. All were super yum. \n\nWhile this restaurant is very out of the way for us, we will definitely be making an effort to go out of our way again to visit Charr very very soon.  Thank you for a great experience and excellent food!
GameWorks is back in town and I am happy. I'm not much of a gamer myself but coming here brings the inner kid out of me. Here is my take on the place.\n\nLocation: I love the new location in Town Square compared to the old location on the strip. It is below the AMC movie theatre and across from Yard House. It is close to a bunch of good bars and restaurants. Here are a few: Yard House, Capriotti's, Mcfaddens, Sugar Factory. \n\nInterior: When you walk in the front doors there is a service station to your left and a seating area, there is also seating on the exterior if you prefer that. The bar is 20ft from the front door. The bar was average in size with a good selection of alcohol, we ordered a jack with coke and Malibu mix drink, both were $6 so that's not bad. Then you have a decent selection of arcade games and various other gaming machines, there was a variation of air hockey which would throw out about 20 mini discs at once, now that was fun and intense. There was a glow in the dark pool table area and bowling lanes which I did not try but will next time.\n\nStaff: The bar staff was good. There was a hipster looking white male who made us feel at home, explained the changes to the new menu, and helped us when needed. There was a short hispanic male who was in the bar area and didn't seem to do much, I'm not sure if he was the manager but he was rude to the staff and extremely bossy. The staff at the ticket counter were good and helped us get the correct amount of points on our card after a machine error.\n\nWe will be back soon to try the glow in the dark things and as the drinks are $2 cheaper than Mcfaddens which is upstairs.
Kids eat free on the weekends so it is always packed.  this is a diner joint even though it is a franchise.  You get diner quality food which is good for me.  I have yet to have a garlic cheeseburger that I do not enjoy here. When crowded be patient as most of the staff is working hard.
Meeting & ball room are horrible for holding meeting of large groups. Sound quality is very bad, they had cold air on in middle of November. Staff loud right outside of the meeting room making the sound issue worse. Food was so so.
We went fur restaurant week and were neither impressed or disappointed. Just an average burger with less that great service. Meh...
We were pleasantly suprised when we went here for the first time. The reviews here didnt seem all that great but we live close by and found a groupon for their wings and 4 drinks (beer, wine or mixed) for only $18! \n\nWings = outstanding! The spicyness of the wings does build up and make it almost unbearably hot (to me) but the chili sauce they put on them is delish! \n\nAlcohol = we had a few of their drafts which were pretty good: Purple Hazed (something like that), Mission Lager, Sweaty Betty, and Four Peaks Kiltlifter, yummy!!\n\nStaff: friendly and attentive; family owned i think? even the owner/ chef came up to us a couple times while we were at the bar to make sure the bartender was treating us well (his son apparantly) \n\nAtmosphere: upscale, romantic, really nice!! \n\nPrices: expensive if you don't come here for happy hour! We gave in and tried "The Phoenix" burger and it was amazing!!  It is expensive considering they don't include a side with your burger but the food is awesome and worth a try!
The people where are so nice and the food so good. When ever I'm in the area i always get the basil Thai chicken and the shrimp thingies i don't know what are called) but they are so good, Many people don't know about this place and that's kinda disappointing. They have some of the best drinks and drink specials that have ever seen at a restaurant. The decor is cute and nice something that you would not think to find in a strip mall.
My kids love to come here. They have a lot of games and is very clean. employers are really profesional and friendly.
Went to Casual Water last night with some friends who live in Tega Cay and could not be more pleased. It was a Monday night so the full dinner menu wasn't available, but there were more than enough options on the bar menu to accommodate us. \n\nWe started with potstickers, the presentation was lovely on a bed of shredded purple and white cabbage served with a yummy Hoisin type dipping sauce. We also had a margherita flatbread pizza that was delicious as well. \n\nNext up was the watermelon and arugula salad. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. The watermelon was sweet and juicy and contrasted perfectly with the peppery arugula. Goat cheese crumbles would be great on this salad, I think I'll ask for some next time :)\n\nTo finish it off was sandwiches and those didn't disappoint either. I had the chicken salad and it was fantastic. It was nice and creamy with big chunks of white meat chicken served with crispy leaf lettuce and juicy tomatoes. Oh! I had pasta salad as a side and it was good too after I picked out the olives, cuz I don't care for them. \n\nOur server was Wendy and she was fantastic, she was also bartending, but they weren't super busy and we never wanted for anything. Wine pours were genourous, always a good thing :)\n\nThe only thing I can think of that they need is maybe a sign outside cuz I'd never been there before and I wasn't sure which building it was. \n\nCan't wait to try the newly debuted dinner menu the next time we go!
The Italian beef was delicious! I haven't tried anything else but the Italian beef is better than most that I've had.\n\nThe bread was tasty and the au jus definitely made it better.\n\nIt is a little pricey but I'd eat here again.
Place is fun for the kids.. but bought an unlimited game card but a LOT of the games were broken, in need of servicing or unavailable.  it's like saying all you can eat but not put out any food..  sheesh
Staff is rude. They have to serve the same people over and over so they know us. Used to be nice before they signed the new contract and remodeled. Prices went way up after that. It's uncomfortable they are so rude. Sad.
Went there tonight for the first time for my little girl's birthday (she loves Italian food). The staff, food, and atmosphere were all fantastic. They even brought out the cake (I brought in) sang to her. It was a great night! I have one happy 5 year old. We will be back!
I'd recommend going in while they have their daily specials. (Have different ones for different days)\nIf you remember the GameWorks that was on the strip, this place won't be as spacious and more condensed. Still offers tickets/prizes. Wish they had more games they had in their previous location :( choices pretty much were racing or shooting + the sport arcades. \nKeep you gamecard so with the next visit, you can reload the card and not pay for an extra.\n\nIf you plan on spending some time at the bar, plenty of TV's!! The food is rather pricey, so I'd recommend waiting till happy hour (starts 9pm) \nYou honestly can't expect any service if you're at the bar just keep that in mind. You might see someone right when you order, then they disappear.
I am always on the lookout for a good Mexican meal and seeing an Instagram picture of Playa Cabana (@PlayaCabana) burrito, it was so colorful and pretty that I just have to try it :D We arrive for a late Saturday brunch and it was still half full and I can totally expect it to be bustling in a few hours, def a neighborhood gem. When we drover by, we almost miss the place since it's nestle among other houses.\n\nThe place is rather small with a small kitchen next to the bar.\n\n Single Amber Agave Margarita $8\n~ This was perfect, with just teh right amount of tart, sweet, salty (salt rim) and alcohol \n\nCeviche of the Day $9\n~ This was a bit watery and just end up being so messy when you try to scoop with the tortilla chips\n\n Guaca Fresca $8\n~ each guac is made to order in a lava rock molcajete with spicy, medium or mild to choose from\n~Of course we order spicy and that's the first time I remember we were given the choice for guac.\n~ It was very creamy and bit of jalapeno peppers that just give it a pop ;)\n\n Taco de Pescado $13\n~ Baja "catch of the day" fish taco w/ a Tecate-cerveza battered ($14 for non-battered/grilled fillet)\n~Ben ordered this and of course he choose the battered style but I would love to try the grilled version.... oh well, next time\n~ The beer battered was really thin and crispy but wish there was more of a sauce/wet component to it\n\n Playa Burrito $14\n~ choice of chicken, veggies, ancho-braised steak and pork carnitas wrapped w/ melted Oaxacan cheese, rice, choice of beans served w/ fresh guac, pico de gallo, crema, green tomatillo sauce and red tomato sauce\n~ This was what attracted me to come here and it tasted as good as it look... isn't this one of the prettiest burrito you have ever seen (at least for me).  It was a really big portion and can be easily share between 2 people after the appetizers. ~ Everything was perfect here, I got the ancho-braised steak which was recommended by our waiter and it was so soft and moist. The best part here was the green tomatillo and tomato sauce that filled the plate, you would thing that's a bit much but once you dig in you'll know it's just right\n\n For more heat, we were given 2 house made hot sauce : a habanera salsa & a roasted chile arboles salsa. The heat of the 1st do creep up on you which I love (I did almost finish the entire thing) while the second was more refreshing with just a tiny touch of heat.\n\n\n Verdict :\nLove this place and heard they are opening a 2nd location soon\nWill def go back for my next Mexican craving without hesitation\nGreat Portion, Great Price & Great Service
Went the other night and our server Sahara was amazing. Will definately go to gameworks again.
I like having a local spot that is always simple and consistent. Love the pulled pork sandwich and sliders as well as the YUMMY truffle shoe string fries. Always a welcoming friendly staff!!
Burger was great, and filling.  Service was good.  It was a little weird that they didn't have iced tea, but oh well.  I had the a bacon cheeseburger with chipotle mayo and jalepenos.  Delcious.
I dropped off a disabled neighbor at this McDonald's to get a cup of coffee and when I returned 20 minutes later, he was still waiting to receive his order.  When I complained that he should receive a refund because the wait was intolerable, the cashier refused to repay him and delivered a cold cup of undrinkable coffee.  When they treat a disabled senior this way, what does patronizing this place say about the rest of us?
Yuzu has been on my list for a couple months now and I got really excited when I saw a Groupon for a 3 course  meal!  First off, I really wanted to like the place.  I love the concept and I was expecting to be wowed by my experience.  However, I was really underwhelmed.  We started off with the Yuzu fries which were actually really yummy-the wasabi sauce on top was the shining star.  For our second course, we were able to order two items from their Yakitori menu.  We went with the Top Sirloin Tips and Tandoori Chicken.  The meats were cooked well, but the vegetables it came with seemed like an afterthought and was just thrown there to fill up space.  The sauces they came with were ok, but we preferred to eat our meats without the sauce.  Third course, we chose 2 Bowls- Korean Beef & Little India.  The beef in the Korean Bowl was really tasty, however it could use more ingredients.  It was literally just rice, beef, sriracha and a scattering of green onions- maybe an addition of carrots, bean sprouts and spinach would be nice with some gochujang sauce.  Little India was just bland.  All the ingredients seemed to be mashed together and it just looked so sad.  I really appreciated the effort on doing something new in the area and service was friendly.  I'll definitely come back for cocktails and yuzu fries!
Horrible service. My boyfriend and I seated ourselves and two waiters came to take our drink order. When we began to order out appetizer, the waiter walked away. No one payed attention to us for the most part, despite the fact that it wasn't busy, and we had different waiters and waitresses the entire time. The sushi was good but the yakisoba lacked any taste. Spices don't mesh well with my stomach, so it was either make it bland, or end up throwing up later on. This place needs to step up their service and their food. Will not be back again.
I used to love Olive Garden but its become so blah. This is the new location and its nice but nothing special, these days they are all basic carbon copies of each other. When we first came in the hostess told us there was a wait... Odd because there was hardly anyone there... So we sat there for 15 minutes before she even sat us. We finally get seated and our waiter is basically a frat boy stoner who just nods and says "yeah man". Service wasn't friendly but he didn't screw up our order and the food came out in a timely manner. Not thrilled with this place, probably won't come here again. If you're into the chain restaurant thing it's perfectly fine but I guess I'm just bored with the generic food and below par service.
Finally had chance to redeem my gift certificate as this wonderful establishment sponsored Operation Homefront for a local veteran. We had a previous meeting for our upcoming wedding and had 15 min before happy hour ended.  Our waitress was so helpful and suggested the buttermilk chicken bites with 3 dipping sauces and fries.  Dave ordered $3 Blue Moon and I ordered $6 of house Cab. Really good.  For entree  Dave ordered Prociouto wrapped meatloaf and cheddar mashed potatoes.  I ordered fish and chips and tots.   3 huge beer battered pieces of fish  tartar sauce   breading really crisp.  Way too much food ao dinner tomorrow.   Nice menu or pizzas and burgers
I was pretty disappointed with the Mother's Day brunch. I was excited to try this place, especially for the occasion, as I had heard such wonderful things. Unfortunately, today it was quite disorganized and the staff didn't seem entirely sure of what was happening. \n\nWe were offered beverages but told that any alcohol would be an extra charge. It was at the end of the meal when we inquired with another server about the inclusion of a mimosa that we received one. \n\nThe food was cold, which probably had to do with all of the doors being open and the breeze blowing in. It didn't seem as though the items were made in house and it took some time for items to be replenished. The setup and placement were somewhat strange, too (ie the bacon was placed by the bagels and salmon on a wood tray - so definitely not warm). \n\nWhen my family got up to use the restroom, the server cleared their plates and beverages. We were not offered any refills either. Our server was very sweet, but seemed confused and overwhelmed. We saw her twice during our experience - each time she ran by our table it looked like she was holding too many dishes and needed to put them down. I guess I expected a bit more with the $30 price tag. We stayed maybe an hour and probably won't return.
I work down the road from this Taco Bell and have been here MANY times over the last few years.  Why many times?.....better than 99% of other Taco Bell locations I've been too. Service is almost always quick and friendly, the restaurant is kept clean, the food is good and it's cheap.  On a few occasions when they've been super busy the food was slow coming out but it wasn't due to the staff not working their tails off.....you can clearly see them working a few feet from the counter.  Would recommend checking this location out if you haven't already....bet you'll agree it's a cut above most other Bell's you've been to.
If I could do zero I would. For some reason you have to order at the bar for reverse happy hour pricing, which was deceiving. The buns were stale, the meat was less than decent, and the fries were comparable to Burger King. They had clear signage in the dining area boasting reverse happy hour with no mention of "their unique rule". This place flat sucked, myself and the wife could've spent nearly $100 elsewhere and left happy, but instead we left as if we were robbed. Who ever gave this place 3 or more stars has obviously no clue as to what a dining experience consists of. Thumbs down!!!! Twice!!!
QDC Burgers opened its doors at Pierre-Elliot Trudeau airport last March 2016 & is located inside the airport after passing customs. They have a menu of 8 burgers with different variety flavors for the meat lovers. You have the possibility of adding more to the burger but with more cost of course. I hadtthe opportunity of tasting three different burgers & I have to admit they were all deliciousss but pricey. If you're on a budget abstain from going there. More & more restaurants are opening at the airport that are pricey but worth the stop. This is not your average burger place, you need to wait a bit to get your food. \nGood eating...
Great service, good food, and perfect for any occasion. I've been here for dates, for large group dinners with friends from high school, quick family lunches...literally anything, and it works. You can go in a nice outfit or sweatpants (believe me, I've done both), and you will feel comfortable and welcomed. Pretty delicious, too. No complaints :)
I've come here a few times for family parties and it's always a good time! It's a great place for kids and adults to have fun. The most recent visit there was a problem with our time card and the manager Ron took care of it quickly without any problems. This is definitely a place a would recommend to other families!
The rice rolls are great!  They're little bundles of yummy-ness!  \n\nThe chicken pho with rare beef was just so-so.  The chicken pieces didn't taste very good.  The rare beef was fine though.\n\nThat is all.
The reviews for this restaurant are all over the place!  Our friends had a coupon and said we should try it, so we did. \n\nThings started off kind of shaky when the hostess said our table was ready.  But it wasn't, according to the gentleman at the front.  He walked us in, saw it was set for 7 (we had a party of 5), and had us wait in the dining area.  Awkward.  He came back only to tell us that it was, indeed, our table.  \n\nWe ordered:  \n\nGrilled calamari\nPappardelle\nShort ribs\nRibeye steak\nDuck Special\n\nEvery dish was much better than I originally expected, especially after reading not-so-great reviews.  I was pleasantly surprised by the portion sizes and the quality of food.  \n\nThe fresh baked bread was nice and warm.  They give complimentary refills on pop!  \n\nService by our actual server was very good in the beginning, but definitely went downhill as the evening went on.  We waited quite awhile for our bill to be picked up and processed.  I think he just got really busy and had to attend to several tables at the same time.  \n\nThe next awkward moment was when a different server came to ask us if everything was alright (as we were about to leave through the front doors) because we didn't leave a tip.  Since we used a particular coupon, it stated gratuity would be included in the final amount, and it was 18%.  We had to point out the gratuity amount on the bill was charged already and then we left.  This might've rubbed some people the wrong way.  \n\nOverall, the experience wasn't bad, but it wasn't "whoah, amazing!" either.  3 stars!
I've been craving for alfredo since NY and I was near the place so might as well go. FOOD DID NOT DISAPPOINT. However I did see my fork wasn't washed very well and had some food on the back of it plus when I opened the napkin there were bread crumbs. I'll be back though, hopefully with a clean fork next time.
Pretty awesome. My friend has lived here for 4 years and she said this is some of the best breakfast around. After going there, I have to agree!! I had the country benedict and she had eggs and bacon. Together, with a tip, our meal was under $20. The meals came with has browns or home fries (I got hash browns, she got home fries -- I had some of both though) and her's came with toast. The sausage was amazing and the eggs were poached to perfection! The hash browns were seasoned just right and not overcook. The home fries were crispy and flavorful. The atmosphere was pretty neat, too! Lots of old airplane things. Would definately go there again. :-)
Gave this place a 2. It does deserve to have a 2 because of where it's located, being the fact that Town Square is my second home. After hours of shopping with the kiddos, they deserve to have their fun. \n\nOther than that.... This new game works is super boring, not enough games, my kids were bored 20 mins into playing. \n\nFOOD is crap. They don't even have the option of getting a whole pizza like the old Game Works at MGM. Only a pan size personal pizza for $14. Nachos with "string" like shredded chicken which had no taste and hardly anything on them. \n\nSERVICE. Well, wasn't too great. Had to call her to order and since it was our first time at this location, we had a lot of questions about the menu, and she was a little irritated with our questions. We then finally ordered. We got 2 pepperoni pizzas and chicken nachos. \n\nShe told us if we added $3 more dollars to each of our items, we would get a free play card. So it would've been perfect for not buying more play cards. So we did add the $3 special for the card play, but she didn't mention to us until after we won at least 10,000 points on games that it wouldn't be included on their dinner play cards. \n\nNot only did the server and this place ruin our dinner, but made my kiddos cry for not getting any prizes they've earned on those games. \n\nNEVER AGAIN WILL I BE BACK.
BEST BURGER IN THE WORLD! THE WORLD! Jesus himself would have loved this burger! Awesome service. Awesome music. About this time of year I usually get super fed up with X-mas music. So theydefinitelyget extra points in my book for that!
We tried this place last night and have to say it was very good. This is the first time I've had Indian food so I don't have a solid base to compare it with but my girlfriend who's been to India several times enjoyed it. My advice is to check it out yourself...its a hit with me.
This place has everything; sandwiches, baked rice, noodle, congee, dim sum... you named it, they have it ........... Was it good?!  Nope........ I came here twice.  I had a beef brisket noodle the first time.  The beef was not tender,  the soup was bland and not hot.   Came here again for a late lunch and had a pork cutlet with fries.  They served me the thinnest, driest and toughest pork cutlet.  I don't think even a Shun knife would have that cutability to cut it into pieces.  Would we go to a restaurant that serves everything but don't have anything good?
I really wanted to enjoy this place. The idea is fantastic, the menu sounded awesome, the reviews were in general great. After a failed attempt at getting into Barroco, I remembered that I had seen great reviews for this place online and convinced my friends to give it a try.\n\nWe get in and the atmosphere was nice. It seemed laid-back, the waitresses and bartender were extremely nice and provided great service, and the seating area was well.. Ehh.. I don't know. Let me just say a little about the food.\n\nI got a Korean Beef Bowl. I've had Korean beef from a Korean family. What I ate was not a Korean Beef Bowl. It was ground beef, sriracha, and rice. I'll give it to 'em though-- the rice was cooked well, and the beef had a good spice to it. It wasn't terrible, just not as flavorful as I had anticipated.. I enjoy rice.. I enjoy beef.. I enjoy Sriracha.. But I don't know.. It just wasn't quite up to par with anything I've had elsewhere. I also had a mixed drink.. It wasn't special, but it was good enough to get a buzz going. I again expected more flavor than was present. \n\nMy friend got the Moroccan bowl.. It was rice, egg, some avocado, and a canned Mexican red salsa? He claims there was nothing Moroccan about it.. I'll take his word on it.\n\nNow for the grand finale: my last friend got the Beef Ramen... Yeah... Ramen.. We immediately suspected that something had gone awry when they brought out a very tiny bowl.. Too tiny to house the typical ratio of broth to noodle that one would expect from a ramen dish. The beef was.. Well.. The same ground beef that was in my Korean beef bowl. The noodles.. Let's be honest, this was pretty much noodles with broth as an afterthought. \nI remember the look on his face when he took the first bite.. He looked like he was in pain. I had asked him if it was all right and he didn't even bother trying to lie. When he had finally given up and pushed the bowl to the side, I decided to try my mouth at this dish to see if it was as bad as he claimed.. It tasted like gravy with a consistency to match. The noodles were not fully cooked, but were mushy on the outside, almost as if they had been left sitting in cold water all night.. Fortunately the drink had put me in a good mood so we all got a nice laugh out of it.\n\nMy final verdict: \nIdea: 10/10\nExecution: 4/10\n\nThe dishes are all great in theory, but the flavors need reworked. Definitely not too happy about the money that was spent. Sorry guys.
Alysia with a heart and not a . Over the I.  I felt uncomfortable at first but her friendly demeaned made me at home.  A county fair inside.  Definitely recommend!
I was excited to try this place out. \nJust recently traveling to mexico, I was craving some mexican food in a mexican environment. \nI drove down there with my girlfriend, very cool part of the Annex. Quiet street, pretty cool idea to put a restaurant there. \nWe sat down, it was very busy. So far so good. I liked the atmosphere. Even though our waitress didn't speak spanish. Our food came and wow was i disappointed!!! 14$ for our main course and it was 3 small mini tacos........How could they charge that and serve this as a meal......I ate it it, asked for the check and left. We were still not full and still hungry so we had to stop for pizza on the way home.
Firehouse's subs are more expensive for the size than most places but you won't be disappointed by the quality! They really put a lot of meat and filling inside each sub. \nToday we got the Hook and Ladder and Hero. Both were yummy!\nI don't suggesting waiting too long though to eat your sandwich! I don't like them saved or refrigerated, I've had soggy experiences. \nThis location was clean and fast. We waited until after the lunch rush, this location is in a hot spot for lunchtime eating out.
I'm not used to eating dimsum downtown.  I always end up feeling disappointed.  \n\nThe good thing here is the ladies pushing the carts seem pretty nice.  The restaurant itself looks pretty decent when you get up to the third floor.  \n\nThe food was very average.  If you can come for the special early bird prices (9-11:30am) it's much more worth it.  At regular prices, not so much.
Eaten here about 5-6 times and each time has been absolutely delicious. My wife is a vegetarian and loves their veggie pho. The service is adequate and the restaurant is always clean.
Excellent food in a relaxing atmosphere. I had a bowl of the pork fajita soup and enjoyed the rich stock, black beans, tomatoes, chunks of pork, and tortilla strips. The ice tea is flavorful. They deliver the food to your table and check on you midway through eating. I will return whenever I can.
Baguette lecker Mitarbeiter sehr unfreundlich!
The burgers are huge and ingredients are fresh.  The nice thick slices of tomato and hand-formed burger patties shows the restaurant isn't trying to cut corners.  Someone needs to clone the chef; this is what a "medium" pink burger should look like.  I haven't had burger cooked that perfectly in years.  The onion rings are better than most, the Quesadilla with all the side ingredients was very cool and the potato wings were huge and perfect.  I wish I could have tried the spicy chicken wings, but no one at the table was looking for the adventure.  However, the basic wing sauce is delicious.  Go for happy hour...four people drinking with three appetizers got out of there for less than $40.
This is our go-to place for Montreal Smoked Meat, quick breakfasts and casual meals.    Food quality is good for value and wait staff are attentive.  Portions are decent size.
Tonight was the first time we tried this restaurant.  We got there around 6:30 pm and the place was already packed.  The girl (hostess) was so super nice and did all she could to get us a table as we had no reservations and the place is really small.  The food was really impressive, fresh and delicious.  We ordered the Guaca Fresca, Homemade Chips And Fresh Salsa as appetizers, and our mains were Spicy Mole (Enmoladas) with Chicken and the Rib Eye Carne Asada.  Soooooo good we didn't leave anything left on our plates.  This place is a must try.
Pizza is good, service is not! We called to place an order and asked if it could be delivered. When the OWNER heard our address (exactly 2 miles from the shop) he hung up on my husband before we told him we would pick it up if it was too far. I guess if they are so busy they don't want to bother to hear our entire conversation they don't need our business anymore.
Overall, not very impressed. The previous strip location had so much more to offer and it was a letdown to see how very little this new location had. The prices for all the games also seemed quite unreasonable and it was even more disappointing when almost half of the games were down for maintenance.
Very yummy donuts. Certainly a different assortment of flavors. My daughter had to have the bacon flavored. She enjoyed that very much.  Donuts were not and fresh. A little hard to find & parking lot is somewhat crazy but worth the trip from Fort Mill SC.
Mediocre food, had curry chicken on rice nothing too special. Terrible service, waiters miss one of our orders. Had to ask twice on our order. Wont come back...
Worst McDonald's ever. Unless you speak Spanish don't bother. They Messed up my order, were rude, and refused to correct it. These are the type of jerks who want to raise minimum wage to $15. Your lucky you even make minimum wage.
We went here on a Saturday (make sure you make reservations as they book up fast)\nAs to the other reviewers saying they felt rushed, we didnt feel rushed at all.\n\nOrdered the chips with guac (WOW it was amazing) and the bucket of shrimp to start. \n\nWe have the chicken tacos and the beef burrito. The burrito was REALLY good and the tacos, meh. I've had better tacos but they were still good.\n\nThe prices were reasonable too..
I am going to be the dissenting voice on this place, but I don't think it isn very good.  Everything it does, Niro's Gyros does both better and cheaper.  I honestly think Zorba's has kind of a privileged place due to nostalgia - it is an institution and one of the few places on Green Street that hasn't changed in the last decade (and beyond).\n\nSo maybe I am not the target audience.  But the thing is, I love gyros!  They're greasy enough that I don't get them too often, but I do love them.  This brings us to the main problem: Zorba's gyros are not very good.  I have been used to the gyros in my hometown (gigantic), the ones in Naperville (huge), and the ones from Niro's (also huge).  The ones at Zorba's are comparatively small.  This is not a deal-breaker - I don't need the mountains of meat all the time.  The problem is that the meat is not very good.  It has kind of a gritty texture and an off flavor.  It reminds me of the frozen gyro meat you can get at grocery stores.  They offer an array of sauces, but the tzatziki is key and it's not very good either.  \n\nI see rave reviews of the fries, and while they are good, they aren't exceptional.  Even on a discount day, the fry and gyro meal is more than other places in town and I just did not like it as much.  I thought the first time might've been an unfair representation, but on the next visit I could not finish the gyro - the texture of the meat got to me.  \n\nDecor is old-fashioned as fits a local institution.  There is sort of a grease-haze that hangs in the air.
Pho Linh is one of the nicer pho spots to try out when you're in the Little Italy area. It has two levels and comfy booth seats. They specialize in bun bo hue or spicy beef and lemongrass noodle soup but only serves them on weekends. It's is a bit pricer than other places but it's well worth it. The service is great and above average pho in Toronto.
Great place for the whole family ...this is an awesome place to go with the whole family . We spent the whole day there . Bowling. Video games food drinks
LOVE IT!  The was a spur of the moment decision considering the bad experience we had at another restaurant prior to ending up here.  Really liked this place and will go back.  There's even an out door patio.\n\nMy friends ordered the pizza.  I had a taste of it and was totally blown away.  Talk about amazing full of taste and no lack of meat and cheese.  I had a club sandwich which was also great.  Another friend had roast beef on a kaiser and there as so much roast beef you couldn't put your mouth around the bun.  \n\nGreat food for your money and well worth another trip to try other items on there menu!!!
The ONLY reason Im giving this place 4 stars is because of our server, Raul. I understand when a restaurant is busy so the 30min wait for a table is totally fine. But with 3 bartenders behind a half empty bar, and to not be greeted for 10min because they are too busy giggling, is rude. And to basically toss a recite in my direction after 5min, also rude. No, "how are your drinks?" or "can i get you another round?" or "would you like to transfer your check or close out here?"  Little do they know that Im a bartender myself AND a good tipper!...RUDE.\n\nBut the second we sat down, everything went wonderful. Food was ok, but Raul made the experience worth it. Its not very often you get fine dining experience at an olive garden. We will be back JUST to sit with him.
My favorite part of Duck Donuts is picking out random combinations of glazes and topping. I love to stop in before work and grab a "bucket" and let my co-workers guess the flavors. Made fresh to order these donuts are always a perfect break from the hustle and bustle of life. I highly recommend. Hell I want to own one of these stores.
Just had dinner at this spot. Our server Danny was awesome at recommending dinner options. The antipasto and the Mediterranean Linguini is what we got and it was amazing. The place is nice and cozy, great ambiance. We will be back!
I'm normally not a big donut person but OH MY GOSH. These donuts were so good and still warm when I got them home too! I like how you can customize them and they were only $7 for 6 donuts, that's a good deal. I got pecan coffee and it was delicious as well. Not to mention they're open later than most donut places! 10/10 I'm a happy customer!
Gluten-free review: \nWent here thinking it's Mexican food so I should have a lot of options. Yeah, not so much. The items on their menu are not labelled with any gluten info so the waiter's suggestions were really helpful. \n\nAll of the seemingly gluten-free options that are fried, such as tortilla chips and the cornmeal crusted calamari, are contaminated as they are fried in the same vat as the wheat flour fried items. The tortillas for the tacos are made from corn while the burrito ones are made with wheat. About half of the tacos offered are not gluten-free (3 are wheat flour battered), including the chirizo (normally a gluten-free standard) because it is marinated in beer. Noooo! I ended up going with the pollo tacos and they were delicious. For reference, I have a gluten sensitivity and minor cross contamination (few crumbs) doesn't bother me severely. I had no reactions with this place, but I also actively avoided eating the fried items that I knew would be cross contaminated. \n\nThe reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of less for the minimal gluten-free options is because the wait staff are super helpful and try their best to work with your allergies. Also the ambiance of the place is fantastic, especially their back patio, which is a must for summer days. \n\nTL ;DR minimal GF options, great ambiance
Came here because a vietnamese friend told me this was the best place for pho.\n\nI ordered the Bun Bo Hue (I always order this anywhere I go!) and it was not bad ... not quite as spicy and flavourful as I would like it but it was decent.\n\nMy husband ordered the Pho and he was disappointed.  He said it was at about the same level of tasty as Pho Hung (which we both don't find that tasty).  \n\nThe restaurant itself is modern and clean.  The service is friendly.  \n\nPrices are decent.\n\nWill probably not return ... still on the hunt for a "go to" pho place!
Terrible location.  Keep driving.  My kids like this place that's the only reason I would stop there.  I will find a new location in the future.  I have been there at least 5 times.  The motto is hot and ready.  Well let me tell you the pizza is never ready.  Have never been able to pick up a regular cheese pizza.  Always have to wait.  The gave me a pepperoni the last time after waiting and did not discover their mistake until I got home.  Called and ripped the manager a new one.  Trust me don't stop.
Tried to have lunch here AT NOON - they were practically empty but told us it would be a 15 minute wait because they just got a party of 22 and didn't have enough servers. First of all, it's LUNCH TIME why don't you have enough servers for 22 guests? They gave us the option of sitting at the bar for faster service. We were THE ONLY people at the bar. There were THREE servers standing around at the bar watching ONE person make A SINGLE DRINK for over 8 minutes. NONE OF THE THREE even so much as said "hello" - no one said they'd be with us in a minute. Nothing. We were literally ignored the entire time. Needless to say we left and will not be back. We understand busy. We understand lunch time. This place was like a ghost town and no one could even acknowledge us.
Taking over in the spot where Russian Passion used to ply its trade, the Bluebird Cafe is bright and fresh, with a menu of interesting items. I sampled very good soup, from a daily selection of four varieties, and quite a good hotdog. Their breakfast menu looks intriguing, with Tennessee buttermilk pancakes on offer. It might be a good spot for a Yelpy brunch visit, but given it's rather small there'd only be room for around ten people, I reckon.\n\nOverall, we said: "the Bluebird Cafe looks to be starting from a very promising position. They have some kinks to iron out, and some menu typos to correct, but I think they have a strong chance of developing into a real local favourite. It's a place that's well worthy of a visit, I'd say."
I have to say, with the change away from Wolfgang Puck's name - it's a welcome change. I was getting tired of seeing the same things on the menu.\n\nI have been here several times since the new change - and I have to admit, I like the new changes they have come up with. There are a few staples, but they also incorporate a lot of new dishes, and that has got my taste buds singing.\n\nLast time I came out here I had the Bento Box, my daughter the grill cheese, and the other couple I was with shared a burger meal. I loved the Bento Box - a little greasy for the egg roll, but everything else was just right!\n\nThe specials are swapped out more frequently - and that is a good change to see! It's nice to see fresh ideas moving in, and get the future generations touch of good meals! You can definitely see the urge to please from the employees as you wait for your food. They show genuine concern for your happiness during your meal, and if things are delayed they are genuinely apologetic about it all! \n\nMight as well check out the rest of the preserves while you are there! (Or if you are there first, then might as well eat here!)
I'm gong to have to update my original favorable review.  I've been a few times since and each new time the quality of the food gets worse and worse.\n\nThe last time will probably be the final time since virtually every dish was served at room temperature or even cold.  We had to send back several dishes picked up from the carts so that they could be re-heated in the kitchen.  At least they had the good sense to actually replace the dishes with freshly cooked hot ones rather than just microwave them as we'd requested, but they should have been hot in the first place.\n\nThe only dishes that came to the table hot where the pan fried turnip cakes and shrimp cakes from the cooking station at the front of the restaurant and they were both delicious.  One more thing to their credit is that in any dish that contained shrimp it was fresh, and fairly sweet.  Wherever they are getting it from should be the mandatory sea food supplier to every restaurant in Chinatown.\n\nAnyway, with some new options now opening in Chinatown I will start trying a few different places before going back.
The food here continues to be outstanding. Not overly spicy but with real flavors. The staff are helpful and courteous. The music is a bit anomalous for an Indian ethnic restaurant as is the very American atmosphere, but the tastes and odors ring true. There is an outstanding lunch buffet with real choices like goat and lamb, not just the cheaper stuff. This is a strong recommendation.
Decided to try this new place out. When we got there we were greeted by the staff. The restaurant is well lit and clean. When we were looking over the menu,  the waitress was standing close by and often asked us if we were ready to order (wish she could have given us our space). I ordered the wonton soup and my wife ordered the steak with rice. Her steak came with soup, salad, bun and a drink. Her steak was big but there was a lot of fat. My wonton soup was good but I had better. They gave us tofu desert, but it was not that great. Will I go back?  Probably not since I can get better quality HK food nearby.
First Yelp review. I've used Yelp many times before to read reviews ... But never wrote one myself until now . \n  I have ate pho at many places some good some bad , but this little restaurant does it really good... I ordered the shrimp wonton with egg noodles (N03) . Very very tasty broth. Nice size shrimp wonton tasty as well . We also order deep fried spring rolls , they were golden crispy and filled with goodness ;-)Friendly clean place to eat. I will definitely be back .
Their food is delicious!  I had a beef patty, jerk chicken with rice and peas and Mac n cheese.  The DH had the same except he got the curry chicken.  He enjoyed his meal too.  The jerk chicken was cooked over the grill and was spicy as advertised.  I figured a Caribbean spot wouldn't have good Mac n cheese, but theirs is on point.  I hear their red velvet cupcakes are scrumptious, they were out of them the day I came in.  My only regret is that we didn't order more beef patties; they were so good.  We'll be back!
Super good. We just drove by looking for something to eat and saw it. We are glad we stopped. I had their Vegas roll and Miso soup. Soooo good!! My husband had the chicken karaage and chicken katsu. He loved both of them. It was his first time having the chicken karaage. He will definitely have it again.
So we just got out of a movie and wanted something to eat for lunch but since it was Father's Day we didn't know what to do. So we called Olive Garden and they had the least wait time so we headed over there. Now to be honest I like Olive Garden for what it is, a decent chain. I know what will be on the menu and I know what I like and I know how it will taste. There is no difference between one Olive Garden and the other except for service and that is what I got here in droves. Our waiter was very attentive, very courteous and efficient. The food was what I expected and was very tasty and flavourful. I had the shrimp with pasta and it was good. I am a fan of the bread-sticks and soup. My desert was good. Nothing out of the ordinary food-wise but that is why I chose OG. I was pleasantly surprised with the good service and will be back again.
Don't be fooled by the sketchy exterior building. Upon climbing a couple flights of stairs or taking the shoddy lift up to the third floor, you'll be greeted by the hustle and bustle of a surprisingly large Chinese restaurant, home to what's likely west chinatown's best dim sum. \n\nMy grandma and I dropped by around 1pm today and the dim sum carts were in full swing. The place was packed, but they have an impressive amount of tables, so we didn't have to wait. I'm fairly certain the owner has some sort of agreement with travel agencies, because you can often see whole busloads of tourists marching up here for afternoon tea. Either that, or maybe they just have good taste. \n\nSelection, value, and flavour are all spot on. We even got surprisingly warm service for a dim sum joint, but maybe that's because my gma's a cutie, your results may vary. Dim Sum King has awesome "early" dim sum specials too. I use quotations because the last time I checked, everything except xl and above items are $2.80 until 4pm Mon - Fri, and until 11am on weekends. Skip the other dozens of dim sum places on Spadina, this is where the peeps in the know go.
Best rice and peas that I have had in a while. You can taste the touch of cane sugar they put in. I had some curried goat with it and some fried plantain that was (*gasp*) NOT overripe. I didn't realize how much I enjoyed that until I got some plantains from here. The only thing that I didn't like here was the price. The tray cost $13 or $14 dollars as opposed to the $10 that I'm accustomed to at other spots. Great place to grab some dinner takeout on the way home.
Awesomely constructed carnitas nachos! With cheese sauce and beans! And they're only $6 during happy hour (remember there are 2 HHs here - one in the morning and one in the afternoon).\n\nAlso an incredible $6 wing special as well (mentioned in my first review) and I always ask that they smash the hottest buffalo and BBQ sauces together when I order them. 10 jumbo wings means 60-cent wings every day if you happy hour here. \n\nReally delicious Huevos Rancheros available all day. The kitchen here is something else!\n\nTheir "Flight Deck Lager" is a draft beer made for Taylor Made by Anheuser-Busch, and is similar to a Cass or OB beer but a bit lighter, with a clean aftertaste. It's $3/pint all day long.\n\nGreat, friendly service every time. And a bright, airy, north-facing environment with a horizonal view of the Strip and plenty of HDTVs, this is a *perfect* starting point for any bachelor, bachelorette or reunion weekend. Not to mention there's a full-fledged driving range 10 feet in front of you. (Locals: ask about the amazing bottomless bucket of balls special.)\n\nAlways easy parking, spotless bathrooms and friendly staff. Gotta love corporate-owned gone right! \n\nThis place should be packed, and I'm always surprised to see when it's not! For now, it's our little secret...
It has a great location but not too many 'hot items' on the Buffett meaning the portion is less & been on the buffet for a little longer. The food isn't bad, it's a buffet guys! One thing it needs to include for the kiddos is pizza. \nTidbit. If u don't wander over to the grill then u won't see the noodle soup there. Yes they have pho!! It's basic but fresh & good. Try it! Of course with Siracha sauce. I guess that's why we keep coming back. Buffett + pho, a combo
We had Duck Donuts brought to our work yesterday and they were INCREDIBLE!  Crisp on the outside - soft and fluffy on the inside.  And apparently these are customized?!  I'm told they were made fresh to order. What can be better???
Never had a bad meal at any KFC. Yum in my book. Love the crispy more than anything else but I can any of the Coronels recipes.
My girlfriend and I stopped in for lunch and Brickhouse is always good. I never thought I would say the best customer service I had was for a screw up but my girlfriends burger got messed up and the manager went above and beyond fixing it. Not only did they make her a new burger but they comped it. It was a greatly appreciated gesture.
Let me be the devil's advocate and just say that this cafe blows. In all my years of reviewing, this takes the cake as one of the worst places I've been to. \n\nPROS:\n+SEATING: Comfy, somewhat spacious. The have little seating areas with pillows that look really comfortable to play board games in.\n\nCONS: \n- FOOD: My spicy peanut soup was neither spicy nor soup-y. It was basically rice with vegetables and some peanut sauce drenched on the rice. So disappointing. I also didn't order a salad, but was happy because I thought it came with my $9 meal. I learned afterwards that they made a mistake which I realized at the cashier. Reluctantly, the cashier took the salad charge off my bill but she made the most horrendous gestures. \n\nShe slammed the interact machine in my face and ultimately did not look pleased. Even if she wasn't being the best cashier, there's something called BASIC HUMAN FUCKING DECENCY. So rude. \n\nThe food selection is both limiting and ultimately disappointing. The pita bread was yummy though, and sweet, but not worth $9 as part of any entree set. Looking at my friends' meals all around, nothing truly appealed to me. \n\nUltimately, I recommend Bampot if you're a tea connoisseur. If not, go somewhere else where your consumerism is more valued.
Main food was good but chips were not fresh and cost too much also it is too cramped in there likely won't go back better places with more room.
If it wasn't for the service, it might have gotten a 3, but let us discuss. \n\nThe atmosphere in here is nice. I would recommend coming here if you're making an evening out of it. It's a great place to lounge, drink, chat with your friends and not feel rushed or need to go.  The high ceilings and oak tables give it a higher class feel, without the price points. \n\nBut, the service here was lacking for sure. We sat at 7:45 and we didn't not get served food until 9:15pm (just uploaded my photos which I took as the plate arrived to our table - 9:13pm and 9:21 pm for mine). I understand that we are a big group, and the foods were all meant to come at the same time - but maybe then you need a bigger kitchen or more staff. I bet we werent the only ones complaining that night.\n\nThe servers were super friendly, cracking jokes with us, helping us take photos. Our main server did put our large party into smaller separate bills when requested. \n\nThe food. \nIt was okay. A bit mediocre. I've definitely had better italian food than this. \nI had the Four Cheese Gnocchi in brown butter sauce. I expected pan fried and slightly burnt (i.e. crunchy) gnocchi smothered in a four cheese sauce. However, when arrived, the gnocchi was to the side and sauted in butter briefly, and it was just melted cheese on the other side of the plate. and topped with raw chopped tomatoes. It was a weird combination, very oily and not anything to call home about. I put a lot of pepper on this to make it taste decent. \n\nThe girls also had Butternut Squash Ravoli ("the worst i've ever tasted", "too sweet"), Spaghetti Carbonara ("hardly any taste" "i've had better), Eggplant with bowtie pasta ("i can make better eggplant at home" "pasta too oily), Bowtie Pasta with pesto (i had some of this and it didn't taste like anything). \n\nAlso, some pastas were definitely prepared in advanced, then place in the oven for warmth and the pasta became hard and not tasty. \n\nI don't even know how the bill taking went down, as I had to go and left cash for them to deal with. it was already 9:45pm!\n\nLike I said, come here and lounge with a whole night ahead of you and you might enjoy yourself here.
Ok, I don't know where Tosca F. ate when she wrote that review, but it could not possibly have been this place. I actually trusted that review, and went here with my mom and my sister while I was in town. All three of us are TRUE foodies, and we had a very different opinion.\n\nBleck, the food was so bad, we didn't even tell the server because it was so inherently flawed that we didn't see the point. Chicken was so salty that it tasted like canned tuna, and seafood that should have been tossed out a few days ago. All three of our meals where underwhelming, at best, disgustingly over-salted or spoiled at worst. \n\nThe menu is all over the place with Italian, Asian and American "influences". I don't think that a place has to pick a focus to be a good restaurant, but at least a theme would help. I feel like they are trying to do a lot of things and the food turns out at a mediocre level. \n\nThe only positive point was that the server was truly friendly; I will give them that. \n\nI feel bad because this is a part of town and a city that needs good restaurants, but I couldn't keep quiet. Don't waste your money here.
Officially aboard the Dim Sum train (not surprised that I love it considering my affection for the concept of shared plates). I was down with the entire vibe of this place: loud in both volume and color scheme. I felt like I was at a wedding with the sea of tables for groups, DJ, and ladies line-dancing (I think there actually was some sort of celebration going on). We felt a bit rushed to get our order in, but it may have served us better in the long run because we needed to get to a show anyway. I loved just about everything we tried. The only thing I wasn't on board with was the steamed shrimp dumplings--I am just not about the "wet noodle" taste. Among my favorites were the steamed BBQ pork bun (could've just eaten a plate of that to myself), pan-fried turnip cake with salted meat (everything about this...just YES), deep fried durian pastry (quite unexpectedly..and it didn't have the dreaded smell that usually accompanies durian), and the veggie soup dumplings. Plates were brought out in odd proportions (a lot at once, and then about a plate at a time), but overall everything was too tasty to even care. Excellent introduction to dim sum and to Toronto's Chinatown!
Sister took me to this place, treated her to a birthday lunch.\n\nThat said, it was nice to get away from the bustling downtown atmosphere, as it's by residential properties. \n\nThe ANCHO BRAISED SHORTRIB-BRISKET CRISPY TACOS were the best... Hands down. The crispy shells were drenched in beef juice, the meat was soft and tender.. And it came out fresh.\n\nI had the Baja Tacos, and they were good - the tortillas were not the freshest and it was a little stale. Fish tho was great and complimented well with onions, avocado and mayo (I believe). \n\nDefinitely would revisit this restaurant and sister restaurants...
Bampot is awesome! They have a great tea selection and a great game selection. It's super laid back and welcoming.
Walking into the restaurant to not only awkward silence but unsure whether we sat ourselves or someone sat us. A lady then appears and proceeds to seat us, without asking number of people for the evening and hands us a book. Asking for an ice tea was a struggle, so dare I ask for an alcohol beverage. Knowing I  was on a time crunch we decided to ask the server to assist us in what we were looking to irder. Never will make that mistake as they don't serve any stir fry veggies? I ordered sashimi and the yellowtail... Was needless to say very sad. I would think when a menu size such as this place, the server would be more knowledgeable and able,to understand our request. Would I eat here again? Negative.
Been here a couple times. Usually get the big breakfast which is really good for the price. Wanted to try something different, so I got the corned beef hash. Was disappointed, majority of it was just onion and hardly any corned beef. Other than that great place
This place is utterly disturbing. The fact that I paid almost $7 for the beef curry with pancake (roti) and received one piece of beef (in a bowl smaller than my cup) and a small piece of "pancake" is almost insulting. Impossible to see why I paid that that much for something so little.
good place to take the kids to run around in \n\nThey have bowling \nthey have a pool table \nThey have a computer room \nwith X box's and PS4's they have Couches sit and play the x box's and ps4's \nThey have a restaurant with good food\nAnd of course all the arcade games \n\nThere is a deal of unlimited plays make sure to ask about it \n\neverytime we come to Vegas we stop by this spot to play with the kids\n\nu need to see for ur self go check it out
Nice patio and good service.  I had the Phoenix burger with truffle fries - both tasty.  I was there for happy hour and told that happy hour only applied to the bar & patio, so I opted for the patio even though I was one of a handful of people there in the middle of the day.  I enjoyed my visit, but wouldn't say it was spectacular.  If I am in the area, I will stop in again.
Playa Cabana never disappoints.  Portions and flavors are large here. Favourite place for burritos and drinks!
Dear McDonalds Corporate. The franchisee running this McD location needs to be recalled to Hamburger University and retrained on how to run their franchise properly. This location fails on so many things. Start by teaching the staff to listen to a customer's order. Follow up by teaching them the importance of order accuracy over sheer speed. Train the staff to give the customer options if something is not available. And last but certainly not least spend some money to make sure your basic equipment works correctly. For example if you're a McCafe location and every time someone rolls up to your drive thru and they can't order anything, you're really not a McCafe location at all. \n\nIn short most of the problems at this McDonalds can be traced back to MANAGEMENT FAILURE. Someone needs to extract their head from their derriere and run this location the way it's supposed to be run. 2 Stars and a complaint to McD Corporate in Illinois is the best I can give this place.
My wife and I ate here because we were in the mood for 'fresh' hamburgers. When we arrived on a Sunday about 6:30pm, the place was almost completely empty. This scared me a little, but there was a local NFL game starting at that time (Cardinals vs Seahawks) and, it seems, everyone was at the game. I'm told the place normally has a wait to get in.\n\nInside, they have 4 large flat screen TVs (3 over the bar, 1 at the opposite corner) showing sports with closed captioning on (thank you!).\n\nMy wife and I each ordered burgers and she had a side of the Mac and Cheese.\nMy burger came with fries.\n\nThe hamburger buns are very unique. They are like a swirled garlic bread. However, there was really no noticeable garlic taste, which is a good thing as far as I'm concerned. But each time I brought the burger up to my mouth, the aroma of garlic from the bread was quite nice.\n\nThe Mac and Cheese has elbow macaroni sitting a soup of a cheese blend that is more like how 'grandma used to make' then you might expect. It was, like the burgers, exceptional.\n\nThe fries are shoestring style (very thin, very crunchy) and everything tastes fresh (not frozen) and home made. The burgers are not uniform in shape or thickness, which tells me they are made by hand. Hallelujah!\n\nThe service was outstanding. The staff was extremely attentive. I noticed they have a 'Vernors Pound Cake' on the desert menu. Vernor's is a drink made in Detroit (where I was born and raised). I asked if the restaurant was Detroit-inspired and was told it's actually Brooklyn, New York-inspired and they really like Vernor's Ginger Ale in New York. \n\nThey also have a root beer float on the menu, so I asked the staff if they offer a Vernor's float instead. (A Vernor's float is known by folks in Detroit as a 'Boston Cooler' and its no different than a root beer float, except you substitute Vernor's for root beer.)\n\nThey never heard of it before (not shocking, since no one outside of Detroit has ever heard of it) but they were more than happy to make one for me. And it was delicious!\n\nMy wife thought the ice tea she ordered tasted a little off, but she didn't say anything to the staff. I have no doubt they would have made it right if she brought it to their attention. \n\nShe also ordered the Vernor's Pound Cake for desert. She thought it was too rich for her liking, but it wasn't bad by any means.\n\nIt appears the three restaurants beside each other are all owned and run by the same entity. There is Charr, then a pizza place (Isa's Pizza) and then a fine dining restaurant called Aiello's East Coast Italian.\n\nThere were plenty of items on the menu I wanted to try, such as baby back ribs and a grilled chicken sandwich. The pizza served next door looked good and Aiello's also looks like a nice place for us to try as well.\n\nSo we have four reasons to go back (try each of the other two restaurants, try other menu items at Charr, and if worse comes to worst, we would definitely go back to Charr and have REAL, fresh handmade burgers again! If I was going to open my own burger joint, this is similar to how I would do it.  There's only so many fast-food burgers one can ingest before desperately craving something that isn't factory made and doesn't require a loan to pay off. (our complete total for dinner and desert was $39 after tax. Quite reasonable and fair considering the quality and quantity of the food and the excellent service we received.)
Came here with friends on a Friday evening.  Starters  were blah, ceviche and guacamole.  For the catch of the day, ceviche had a strong fish flavour.  Tacos were good but not as good as Seven Lives at Kensington Market.  Milk cake, amazingly moist and delicious, my favourite.  After our meal, host rudely asked how the food was and asked us to leave because we were holding their table and need it for other patrons!  Extremely tacky! Really! It's a warm Friday night on the patio.  They should open earlier or informed us when we arrived that there is a time limit.
This is an older review that happened weeks ago and forgot to upload. Called in an order and was told 15-20 min which is the normal wait time. I go there 20 minutes later and had to wait more. The total wait time for the food was over an hour.  No explanation or apologies. Well one apology after I received my food. This isn't the first time their service was less to be desired. They just need more waiters/waitresses. I haven't been back since. I'd rather drive a little further to get better service.
Playa Cabana seems to be on par with Grand Electric in terms of actual mexican and taco authenticity style but is a little more stuffy with the Yorkville crowd flocking here young and old. Where as Grand Electric is a little more Parkdale trendy, fun, laidback and gritty. I came on a Sunday with my boyfriend with no reservations and had to wait for about 35 minutes. Definitely make a reservation as this place is busy. \n\nWe shared  tacos and some guacamole. Like I said, Playa serves some tasty tacos but they come a  little too fussy as I like my mexican simply authentic. Service is decent, our waiter seemed to be a little absent minded but he made up for it in apologetic charm. The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because it also seems to be the most expensive in the city for what you get. Not quite worth it in my opinion.
Great burgers, excellent grilled flavor, you have got to try the Chipotle mayo, it is awesome. The truffle fries were to die for. Our waitress was very attentive and was on top of all of our needs. We can't wait to go back.
I stopped by Pho Noodles because it came up in a Yelp recommendation. I skimmed through the photos and the Pork Banh Mi stood out. I wasn't very hungry so I ordered this and a side of spring rolls. It was very fresh and delicious. I look forward to trying other items.
I always have a good meal at this OG.  \nThis trip was no exception. The food is consistent, and the service very courteous.  Our waiter, Jaimon, did a great job. Just the right balance of being helpful without overdoing it.
We moved down to Phoenix from Seattle and this is the best Pho I have had since moving. I really like the broth, the rare beef is great! The brisket was too fatty for me though. Overall, awesome though
Medium sized restaurant, not big, but not hole-in-the-wall small either.\nAtmosphere is great. Great place to dine out with friends and/or family. \nMy husband and I ordered the beef pho noodle soup and absolutely loved them. We eat pho pretty often, so we criticize to ourselves how well the recipe is from each restaurant we try and this one had it spot on. Reasonably priced as well, less than $10 per bowl, which is exceptional. Owner or manager is very nice and ready to answer any question you have. If we're ever in the area again, we'll definitely come back here.
The food was ok but the service was terrible. The guy that helped us seemed like he didn't know the menu or much about sushi in general.They didn't even provide ginger and when we asked for some they brought out a tiny bit. As we finished our plates they just continued to stack up, while the servers walked right.
One of the best breakfast diners in the area. Their scrambled eggs are always perfect and their pancakes are fluffy and warm. One of the best coffees too. Hands down will be returning.
My boyfriend took me to Fratichelli's for Valentine's Day. Although it was a busy night we still had an excellent meal and excellent service. A big thank you to our server for amazing wine choice! Well be back soon!
This was my first visit, the restaurant was very aesthetically pleasing and the waitresses were very attentive; however, the food was basic and lacked flavour. I ordered a the Roasted Mushroom Risotto  with a side of meatballs. The risotto was still hard and flavourless. The meatballs were tender, but the sauce was salty and tart. I aslo ordered the Goat Cheese Bruschetta and the tomatoes lacked seasoning. Overall, the food was disappointing and I wouldn't return to this resturant!
We purchased the $15.99 one entree one hour game card combo. The pizza was good, the kids loved it. The one hour game card does not include collecting tickets for prizes. You can play those games, however the kids do not get tickets. What a rip off. The kids were pissed and do not want to go back. \nIt was not explained to us by the waitress nor do any of the signs mention this little caveat.
In terms of success I guess the Mas Playa group of restaurants has its footing deep into Toronto's Mexican food trend obsession, growing from this Dupont Street location to several others around the city centre.\n\nA bit hidden off and a tad pricey for something that is essentially Mexican street foods, Playa Cabana is small, cramped, dark, lively... and zesty. Food-wise it is fresh as it get here in the cold gloomy north; quality comparable to some of the Mexican stuff I recall dabbling in whilst in Los Angeles (though I am certainly no authority of "authentic" Mexican food at all). But damn they big! Flavours and textures were bursting as we bit into our overstuffed (maybe way too overstuffed) tacos and tuna ceviche. Good grilled flavour in the chorizo in my taco. Fresh guac all around too.\n\nOf all the noise I hear about how crowded it gets at dinnertime, try coming in at lunch instead.\nOf all the noise I hear about on-and-off service, my experience with the servers were generally positive and friendly.\n\n{TTC: a short couple blocks walk from Dupont subway station. The Bay and Dupont buses also serve the area, but bus service here really stinks.}
In a world where cart dim sum service has largely become an inexplicable endangered species in Toronto's Chinatown, Dim Sum King still does cart service..... in the daytime only, that is, according to a server (which is quite the standard deal with traditional dim sum service). Otherwise it's the a-la-carte off an order sheet deal as to maintain their all-day dim sum restaurant cachet (dim sum, much like gwai-lo brunch, is generally a cuisine traditionally served in daytime). Food arrives on a cart regardless, but it's not the same.\n\nBut what do I know?--information on where cart service still survives in town circa 2015 is generally outdated, even from Yelp. Chinatown might as well be a writeoff on the topic, as the places that does cart service either ceased doing so completely, only do it in limited periods not well communicated, or in cases like Forestview across the street, closed down. Restaurants might as well advertise they do cart service as a selling point (I feel like making another Yelp list...).\n\nAnyways, THE LATE ENTRY: you walk in in the early evening with a friend who's expecting to be schooled on the yum cha cart service experience after reaching the third floor of a very grimy and unkempt building to find a traditional large Chinese banquet hall style restaurant (apparently they also do ballroom dancing sessions at certain evenings). You direct your attention to a window-facing table that in the glaring evening sun despite the blinds deliver enough solar gain to make you feel like sweating at a summertime patio. Don't sit by the windows--oh, too late for that. I'm melting, melting!\n\nFAST ORDER, SLOW FOOD: you will have multiple staffers swarm at you eager to take your order sheet the moment you finish it. Then comes the inexplicable long wait for your food, perhaps close to an hour for a mere handful of dim sum dishes. You sit bored by the golf on the TVs everyone ignores (watching golf is boring as fuck, yes?) and salivating at the peking duck served traditional-style to other tables. You bring up the delay with a manager, who then disappears for the next 15 minutes until long after the first set of food finally arrives on your table. Primal instincts sees the food devoured quickly. Then comes another long-ass wait for another batch of food. Rinse and repeat.\n\nTHE GOOD, BAD AND UGLY OF CHOICES: in terms of dim sum, the food here is either surprising good or bad, but they all come to you piping hot. Some choices include:\n- Siu mai: juicy and flavourful with the goji berry on top.\n- Honey lemon glazed short ribs: so sweet and delicious\n- Curry octopus: absolutely no curry taste. Tiny octopus taste like something between calamari and raw fish. Ugh.\n- Steamed spare ribs (pai gwoi): bloody disappointing tiny chopped pieces, little meat.\nFor about 10 plates it works out to about $20/person. You have to ask for whatever sauces you want, nothing's provided right off the bat. Fucks sakes lah.\n\nYES I DID ORDER FRIES WITH THAT: of all the stuff that slowly arrives, you realize they missed one thing you ordered. You bring it up with a staffer, who surprisingly delivers it quickly, not before a manager marks "+1" on your order sheet. The confused you argue with three different uncoordinated staffers over whether you "extra ordered" the missing dish or if anyone took care of the bill. You get a sense of how disorganized things are here, despite the odd cart service marker sheet on your table that they use to keep track of service no matter what service type it is. You convince them they're in the wrong and they dump a dessert plate of almond cookies your way, which I guess is to be interpreted as an implied apology for the snafu. Don't be impressed.\n\nYou can see why a-la-carte order sheet dim sum can be an unenjoyable and definitely inauthentic experience, as opposed to watching carts and old ladies go by.\n\nTHE TREK OUT OF THE KINGDOM OF DIM SUM HELL: The highly inconsistent quality of food and totally piss-poor downhill service of Dim Sum "King" isn't really a surprise when you're over the years used to seeing how lousy Chinese restaurants can be with quality and courtesy.\n\nCart service or lack thereof, traditional Chinese dining in Toronto's Chinatown is largely now for tourists and late-night hipsters who relish in the patronizing cachet of eating in Chinatown. The rest of us have generally given up on Chinatown (both West and East) and are well aware of the "yellow flight" of more quality Chinese dining experiences to the 'burbs (although even that can be a crapshoot). That being said, if I knew I was going to spend three hours mostly cannibalizing the bile in my stomach, I would have suggested the hell with seeking cart service and gone to Rol San instead.
I've eaten here twice - the first time I remember loving the fresh salsa and the berry-margarita-something-or-other I had to drink. But dinner was forgettable because...well...when I returned I couldn't remember what I'd actually eaten the first time. The second time the food was decent, but darkened by a rather disturbing experience.  About halfway through our meal a server started screaming "OHMYGOD. OHMYGOD." from the kitchen. The curtain to the kitchen was held tight, pretty much every staff member in the restaurant went over to survey what was happening, and at one point, someone rushed out of the room and out the back door, returning a few seconds later. At this point, I heard a server tell the bartender to "turn up the music" and whatever it was going on in there, we diners were not to know about it. This was concerning and pretty frankly, quite disgusting given that whatever was happening in the small area, food was still being brought out from behind the curtain. Not sure what it was - of course our imaginations ran wild a bit, but the experience left a very bad taste in our mouths, and I'm not sure I'll return.
5 stars for the Thai fried rice but 2 stars for the service. \nThe server are kinda rude sometime whenever I came here. I came 10 minutes before the closing time but they wanted to close asap so they yelled "We closed" to me. They could have just told me instead of giving me that attitude. And most of the time, the cook guy always stared at me with one eye and kinda threw the takeout box to me when they gave it to me. \nI honestly love the food here among other places in York Lane but their service is very bad. I revisited sometime only night time when I needed a quick dinner. In general, I would not really want to go here, however.
Fun atmosphere and plenty of games to play.  The food is okay and everyone who works here are friendly and helpful.  A great time was had by all.
This place ROCKS! best sandwiches I have ever tasted. Warm and toasted and full of color and great ingredients. There wraps are to die for and the price is perfect. best Lunch under $10 bucks in town. if you work downtown this is the spot to get your cravings satisfied. They serve every wrap under the sun from a veggie to a Turkey Thanksgiving! My fav salads are the mixed berry and chicken and the Asian chicken. I think its the freshness of the food that makes it unbeatable. A must have!!!!!
This place is pretty popular, and it was tight getting a seat on a Friday night, but thankfully there was only two of us and small table left in the back. The atmosphere is cozy, hip and modern Mexican, sometimes, it's nice being only six inches from your neighbouring table! And I'm glad we were able to sneak in, because everything was fabulous. \n\nWe started off the meal with homemade chips and salsa. I wish there was an endless bowl of each for me to munch on all day and all night. The salsa was bright and fresh with just enough heat to slap your tongue around. The chips were warm and crisp and the perfect vehicle to get the salsa to your month. Next came the chicken tostadas and ancho braise short rib tacos. The chicken tostadas came piled hight with guac and crema with some black beans thrown into the mix to give the meal some weight. The surprise of the dish though, the rice! I chased down every single grain of rice that was on that plate. The short ribs had a delicious depth of flavour that was balance by the pico de gallo. \n\nMy mouth is watering while I write this review just thinking of the salsa and rice. Next time, I'm going to have to wash all that delicious food down with a margarita!
Tonight's dinner was one of the best meals I have ever had.  The chicken tikki masala was superb and the naan bread was the perfect accompaniment.  We had a wonderful belly dancer with a fantastic body and personality to match!
I love this place, great beer selection, great food, cool atmosphere. If you don't like hot spots and would rather chill at a cool neighborhood joint, this is the place.
Zorba's is still my favorite gyro place of all time.  The food is delicious and they have some pretty unique sauces.  The meat is always tender and flavorful, never dry or bland.  Definitely check out the Groovy Tuesday deal = $1 off original gyros (lamb + beef mix) and half off fries.  The fries are the best I've ever had--crispy yet not too skinny, and always piping hot.  Check them out!  I always stop by for a bite when I'm back in town.
Someone brought these to work and despite my best efforts I couldn't resist.  Boy,  this was probably one of the best moment of weakness', ever. (I have many....which are usually followed by regret....this was followed by happiness)Warm, fresh, delicious happiness. As a Canadian -   I've eaten a lot of donuts (what's a party without a Timbit?) That being said,  these are probably, some of the best donuts I have had. \n\nI will be going for more
Food is pretty good. We got chicken fingers which came with fries. The pizza was thin and simple. The kids really enjoyed it. We did the Dine and play which really saves you money. I wish they would have just the hour game play but you have to buy the food.
I'm been in the hospitality industry for 12 years, so take my opinion as you wish.\n\nLocation is better than before, but much smaller.  I will never eat there again.  Food was bad not to mention cold.  We were the only ones there, should have been a hint, and the service was so slow you would think the place was packed.  I may take my son back to play, but wouldn't touch the food, especially with so many options in town square.  I've seen many of my customers with infinitely better food and atmosphere close shop.  Unless something drastically changes, I don't see this place lasting.
Been wanting to try this restaurant since it's opened. Left highly disappointed. $5 for 4 pieces of pork belly that are nearly one inch. The ramen itself is skimpy on nearly everything that's given. It came with a small bundle of enoki, ONE piece of the smallest pork belly, but I must say the egg was cooked very nicely. Almost every other place I've been has given a couple pieces of pork belly... not just one. I got spicy miso ramen, but wasn't spicy at all... would rather drive a further distance for a better spot. All employees seem uninterested. The food took forever to come out, even though it was nearly empty inside. I hope the service and the food will get better.
Amazing fish tacos.  They were lightly battered and then deep fried, and sat well in your stomach as well.  And you also got 3 of them.\n\nThe guac and chips came in a large portion, shareable between two or three people as well, and well salted.  \n\nThe drinks were a bit expensive, so I opted for a $6 corona.  \n\nIt's not a place to have a quiet meal, but the vibe of it is quite fun.
Don't go there!\n\nI want to preface this by saying, the server was a nice guy and once he heard it was my birthday he got chocolate lava cake at the end with lighted candle on the house. My son loved it and it was a nice gesture.\n\nBut sadly that doesn't stop me from writing this review. Sad because I really loved this restaurant in the past and had great time here. The food today was horrible. The only saving grace were the tandoori chicken. They were decent. The chicken biryani was so bad, I wanted to personally take the chef to other Indian restaurants and taste how a biryani should actually taste in terms of flavour, aroma, consistency and meat quality. It was at best a badly made pulav. The curry that we ordered, dal makhani was equally bad. For some strange reason, it tasted like the Madras Bites lentil pack you get in Costco or other grocery stores. When you pay premium, you expect quality food.\n\nI am disappointed! Won't be going there again.
Decent food... Nothing extraordinary from a typical chinese buffet. The food is ok... nothing to write home about. Service is excellent. The decor is really nice. But it comes down to the food which is sup par.
I came here last week for the first time, its very near to my hose. The food was mind blowing, I had their frutti di mare dish and it was super fresh and tasty, the dessert was also very good, if you are a tiramisu lover you should definitely come to this place. Ask for Danny if you love good service.
My kids love this place, used Groupon deal for all day gaming with no issues what so ever.
Service was terrible here. When we got here, we went and placed our food as usual. But then once we got our food, a few minutes later as we were eating the waitress asked us if we needed some to-go boxes. Also we asked for some spoons to be able to share as a family but then the waitress was very hesitant and back talked towards us. She was like "the kitchen doesn't have any spoons inside, all is wrapped in the towels." Throughout our meals our waitress never asked us "is everything okay" or "do you need some more water." They never asked us these questions like what other restaurants do.
Before I continue, I would like to say that this review is regarding only the arcade portion of this GameWorks. After hearing everyone's excitement about the new GameWorks opening up and seeing the sign posted inside of TownSquare for over a year, I thought this place was going to be spectacular. I was definitely let down. \n\nFirst of all, the space for the games is just too small. You could run through them all in just a couple of hours. That is, if you get a chance to play them at all. It's always crowded with so many people and sometimes you'll find parents just taking up the chairs for the games to watch their children play.\n\nSecond, not only are the cards/points extremely overpriced for an arcade but, the self help kiosks don't even work and when we went to inform the employees at the ticket counter, they just shrugged and said "They never work".\n\nThis brings me to another point, a lot of the games are ALREADY broken! Why pay so much money for all of these points if everything is shut down? Ridiculous.\n\nLastly, if your children play enough games to earn enough points for a certain prize that they want, don't let them get too excited. A couple of my friends spent just enough money to win enough tickets to get the LEGO pillow that they've been eyeing for a while. As soon as they reached the 1,500 ticket mark, they went to redeem their prize. Then, the employees told them they don't even have the LEGO pillows in stock. Though a few different colors of them were hanging on the walls.\n\nI wish they could just open up a reasonably priced arcade. From now on, I'm sticking to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
I've had deep fried shrimp in a lot of places, but the Villa's is the best I've had anywhere in southern Wisconsin. They're big, the batter is just the right thickness, and the flavor is so good you won't bother with the provided shrimp sauce. The cod is very good too, and I've heard good things about the walleye, but the shrimp is my go-to for good Friday night eating. Get there early though as the wait after six or so can be VERY long.
Been to too many T Bells to count in my life, but this one is a standout. The restaurant is new, and the design is modern, clean, and fresh. The employees were courteous and attentive. The food was fresh and satisfying. Loved the T Bell- themed paintings on the walls too!  Very impressive!
Oh I really , really like this place.  This is the type of place you show up in Elvis sun glasses, and fake moustaches and people love it.
Excellent Pho, noodles were perfectly cooked and broth was tasty. Small place, but fast service.
4 stars\n\nYour typical quick fix for fast chinese diner/cafe style foods.  We had the sweet and sour pork, mushroom beef slices, BBQ pork vermicelli soup,  fried pork chop, and veggie dish.  The food was good.  All around decent flavor and the soup noodle broth was delish!\n\nThe free starter soup is super yummy (was told no MSG) and free dessert in the end was a nice touch.  The soya bean dessert was no good, but the mango pudding was good.\n\nThe servers were really friendly.  Child-friendly atmosphere.
I know I wrote a review for this place previously via my phone, but somehow it was lost :(\n\nLast year my aunt was visiting for the holidays and we had been running around all day. She said she wanted something sweet, so I did a quick yelp search and Duck Donuts popped up. I told her everyone kept raving about it so why not give it a shot. I am so very glad I did!! I got their cinnamon toast crunch donut and a chocolate dipped donut to take back for my brother, along with their holiday blend coffee. Everything was amazing, and the best part is the donuts are cooked to order. Nothing beats a hot fresh donut, it's the very reason people make a run on Krispy Creme when the hot sign comes on. Here at Duck Donuts you get that with every order... it's what I imagine heaven is like!! I was so impressed with them that I decided for International Women's Day I would bring in Duck Donuts for the morning session at work instead of Dunkin (Dunkin is right next to my office). I was able to pre-order, and schedule it for an early enough time that I didn't have to fight traffic. I arrived a little early, and they went ahead and got my ordered cooked, and even loaded them and the coffee into my car for me. FYI if Duck Donuts ever decides to add delivery to their business plan someone in my office would order daily... we'll all be roly poly but we'd be happy haha. \n\nThe donuts are delicious, and the service is amazing, so I encourage everyone to give them a shot.
Right next to Metro Center Mall I stop by the other day and always get my zuppa toscana soup. Plus the bread sticks..yum! oh and then I got the fettuccine alfredo but i was already full lol.
This is one of my favorite places to eat, great food and great service.  I have heard so many of my friends say that haven't come here because of supposed hooters type atmosphere and nothing could be further from the truth. Do your self a favor and stop in and try it you won't be sorry.  The meatballs, blue & white chips snd the kobi beef pizza...YUM!
Plaaaaaaya caaaabana you are so tiny and adorable!\n\nSolid 4! It takes some time to get a rezzy for this place but it was worth it. I went with my hubby and some girlfriends and was surprised at how tiny this place was. It's in a residential area and it's actually a house which I loved. \n\nWe shared a lot of dishes...but let's start with drinks. I had a rum mojito which was awesome (my fav drink after all) and my hubby had the bacon infused bourbon sour which was aaaawesome. He then had a Mexican iced tea which was strong and delicious. \n\nFood: We started with crab cakes, chorizo, flautas. The crab cakes were amazeeee and the flautas were crispy, creamy, tangy. Just really good. The chorizo was ok. Nothing amazing. \n\nFor mains we basically had burritos which were authentic but not mind blowing. To finish we shared churros  oh yes! I love these babies. Warm, gooey, with a bite. Mmmmm. \n\nService was good. We got a lot of attention (it helps that the resto has like 10 tables and there was 3-4 servers) but still very appreciated. It is loud but not so much that you can't socialize. \n\nOverall, I might go back but there's still so many more places to see!
My first time at this great little spot in the Henderson burbs. Loved the calamari, clams, pasta and fhe little garlic bread squares were baked to perfection with the perfect touch of garlic. Great Italian wines and the service extremely good. Can't wait to hurry back!
Ate: Dimsum\n\nDrank: Tea\n\nLiked: Pretty cheap.\n\nDisliked: Some of the dishes weren't so good, like the radish cake.\n\nChicken: Nope.  The meat of choice at dimsum is pork.\n\nWould mom like it?: Yep.  Mom loves dim sum.  It's her brunch.\n\nWould I go back: It was fine,but probably not.\n\nRecommend:
Good pho and fast service. Never fails to satisfy my pho cravings.
Authentic Chicago style hot dogs and beef sandwiches.\n\nIf you're a fan of Chicago-style food, you'll like Luke's.
Way better than aiellos and mineos and everything else. I've lived in squirrel hill for 5 years and I can tell you that the delicious pizza smell making this neighborhood smell fantastic is coming from Napoli!
4 out of 5! Cute concept! Friendly staff with passion for tequila! Portions are huge so worth sharing! Very flavourful and authentic
Went to this new Mexican place in the neighbourhood. I think it's a nice bit of diversity. Good choices of tacos and drinks to choose from.
I love the food here. Unique flavors and quality ingredients. I feel the entrees are a little small though.\nI love that I can order my dish with cauliflower rice for a healthier option. The drink menu is funny and rocks.
My wife read about this place on a foodie blog created by a classmate from college. As a former long time resident of Charlotte, I was surprised I never heard of this place so we planned to go next time in Charlotte. It was certainly worth the trip, the place was packed but the line went fast. And as a nice bonus for waiting, the have free samples of fresh donut holes available. The bring out a new tray for customers every few mins. We paid about $15 for a dozen but with all the various options...you get much more for your money! Definitely a MUST stop every time we're in the QC.
Good wings, but don't go there for lunch. I had my send-off lunch here with a few friends. We went to the counter to order, went to the counter to get our food, and went to the counter for our drinks (and refills). \n\nI paid the bill (just over $50 for the four of us). I obviously didn't tip because it'd be as weird as tipping at Panera. We had done everything but cook the food. \n\nTwo days later the charge shows up on my account with a generous tip added in for the old lady who was working the register. I called to complain. She was very rude, and I was told it was standard to add a tip to a bill that large, and that it would come off in a few days. \n\nIt didn't. I like their wings, but fraud isn't cool with me. Definitely double-check your bank charges. If she did this to someone on a slow day, I'm sure she'd do it again.
LOVED Tandoori Times!  Seriously loved it.  I've only been there once, which violates my dine-twice-before-reviewing rule, but it was that good.  I ordered the Navratan Korma.  The other two people I was with had the Chicken Tikka Masala and a fish dish in a masala-like sauce.  Each of us raved about our meals as we ate them, and then we raved again as we ate the leftovers.  My dish was perfectly spiced and slightly sweet and just typing about it is making my mouth water.  The garlic naan was excellent as well.  I NEEDED a favorite Indian place in Phoenix.  I am very much looking forward to going back to Tandoori Times.  I have high expectations and hope beyond hope that I will have the same excellent experience next time.  Will keep you posted...
Restaurant ist hübsch eingerichtet, allerdings ist das Essen nichts besonderes und vor allem ziemlich überteuert. uns ist es vor allem oft vorgekommen, dass bei Bestellen einige Personen einfach übergangen wurden, was mal gar nicht geht.
Fast excellent kitchen and dishes, uneven service.\nThe food here is pretty great for the price and honestly a little surprising for a box restaurant with a not incredibly appealing exterior design (it's new and clean...just kind of ugly and unremarkable). \nI'm an eggs benedict kind of guy, so I enjoy their 'Eggs Benny' and 'Brekky Poutine'. The first is a well done simple eggs benedict on ham and English muffin: the egg is always poached well and the hollandaise sauce is excellent and creamy. And the poutine...the first time I saw it I knew I'd have to avoid this place or else I'd have a heart attack. Haha. It is fries topped with a poached egg, cheese, and bacon (not bacon bits or anything, but actual crispy bacon), all covered in hollandaise sauce. It is about as disgusting as it gets, but in the best possible sense of the word. Awesome. \nEverything else I've seen served has looked great and what I've stolen off other people's plates has tasted as good. I assume the non-breakfast food is cooked as well also, but I've never had the opportunity to try it or reason to NOT order the breakfast food.\nUnfortunately, I haven't had a great experience with the service here. A little example: after a long breakfast meal my companion and I made repeated attempts to get one of the two waitresses over to our table to refill our coffee for the second time. It took way too long to attract anyone's attention (there were only three tables full at the time...1.5 tables each!) and when I finally did, after five minutes of waitresses in the back and at the other end of the restaurant, I pointed at our two cups and said: 'Can we get some coffee?'. She came over poured coffee in my cup, ignored the one directly beside it and walked away. This was so just brain-hurtingly-silly after such sub-par service the entire meal my guest did a spit-take with her potatoes and we couldn't help but laugh for a full minute at the inanity of it all.\nYou're a breakfast place! Keep the coffee coming! Heh. It shouldn't be that hard and I shouldn't feel like I'm imposing on you to get you to come to my table. This could just be fluke, and one of the three times I've been the service was adequate, but it is stopping me from giving this restaurant the higher rating the kitchen deserves. I will keep coming occasionally and hope the service improves.
Love this place. Awesome service everytime I go. Lots of things on the menu even sushi. Fresh food.
Maybe I'm being a tad generous with five stars, but when you taste the Chicken and Waffles Taco and the Seasonal French Toast Bowl, you will forgive me. The taco is soul food sweet and savory heaven. The bowl is almost as good, but why argue about perfection? Both items are on the Weekend Brunch menu (Saturdays and Sundays 11am - 3 pm). Hopefully, they'll find there way to the everyday menu because I could eat both EVERYDAY. \n\nI ate here for dinner on another night and enjoyed the experience. The main dining room has a festive Dios de Los Muertos look that goes well with the crowded and noisy nature of the place. Great for groups, inexpensive and okay for children. Bon appetit!
This place is soo cool.  A group of us were waiting for a shuttle to the strip butit never came so we partied all night at GeeBees. We bought so many drinks and food and the bill only came out to $60. I would go to vegas just to go back there again. We had such a good time there. And the guys played shuffleboard so the girls could have a good time. 10% off if you have a timeshare at worldmark.
Perfect little Italian place.  Authentic staff.  Friendly great food.  Can't go wrong here.  Been there twice.
Wow. How disappointed am I. I placed a takeout order via grub hub, they said it would be ready at 7:15. It is now 7:45 and my food is still not ready. I arrived at 7:10, stood by the bar for 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged my presence. The owner finally acknowledged me, and proceeded to blame grub hub. He never even apologized. I definitely won't be back. Jewel of the Crown is just as good, and at least they aren't rude.
Charr is yet another in a long list of burger restaurants that have sprung up around Phoenix (and across the country). I'm convinced these places justify their high burger prices by adding the descriptor "gourmet" to their name, and offering a variety of burger options. Who would have imagined that $10+ for a cheeseburger would be a good deal??\n\nWe ordered the American Turkey burger, Charr Burger with cheese, and the kid's meal chicken fingers. We thought the turkey burger was a bit on the dry side. It comes with a garlic aioli, which was flavorful, but there was a lot of it! The cheeseburger was ordered medium, and was more medium-well. It was good, though. The little one loved the chicken fingers and all of us devoured the truffle fries!\n\nAttentive service, nice ambience. Decent food.
Yeah a 3 rating sounds about right. The older location had more soul and passion. Albeit a fighting game or driving around. \n\nI love SEGA from the get go in the late 80's when I used to buy games from Tatget. Lol\n\nNow their games have dwindled and the competition isn't there any more. Although it looks like they have a new LAN center to hang out at. I have yet to bring my joystick with me to this. \n\nThe food is the exact same menu as the old place. Same OL same ol.
Love the Aiello's concepts!   Went for dinner and had the traditional burger and it was awesome! The burger was cooked to perfection with a flavorful charr crust and placed on a homemade garlic knot bun.  The truffle fries were sensational!  My  sister had the grilled chicken sandwich with grilled vegetables which was also delicious.  The veggies were grilled perfectly and seasoned to perfection. The bread was warm and had a nice crunchy crust.   Love the open kitchen and the atmosphere in the restaurant; very warm and welcoming.   Service was excellent!   Will definitely return to try other entrees.
I love the soup base! And their meat ball. It's so different from the other places and it's more savoury.\n\nThe pho noodle is ok but I like the one at queen and ossington more. Will come again tho! Thanks pho linh!
We went here for dinner a couple of days back for a celebration. We first chose to sit at a booth. Those seats were incredibly uncomfortable, the back rests are too thick which makes the seat really small, so we moved to a table. We started with an appetizer -- aloo tikki, which was good, but the chutneys could have been more flavorful. We had baingan bharta (eggplant) which was pretty much burnt and panneer tikka masala which was normal. The breads were good (but the aloo naan was too thick in my opinion) and the veg briyani was pretty ok-ish. The lassis were not bad. While we were waiting for our food, there was a big party with a kid who was just let loose and was running from one table to another. Before we could realize what was happening, he just threw up next to us. His parents were least bothered and just wiped him up, continued eating and the kid got back to running. We were disgusted to say the least and the waiter moved us to another table. But even after they cleaned up the mess, we could smell vomit throughout the time we were there. They should have used a strong disinfectant, i strongly suspect they used only water to clean it. So anyway, we lost our appetite, ate very little, skipped dessert and took the rest of the food home. With mediocore food and bad ambience, our experience wasn't all that good. One star for the service, one star for the panneer dish.
Spring rolls are some of the best I've had, and Pho is really good, but some of the other stuff is a little uneven.  I ordered grilled pork patties, and what I got looked a lot like Spam (but oddly enough, not really bad)  ... service is often haphazard and slow, and while everyone is very friendly and polite, English skills vary by family member, so it's key to speak clearly to make sure you are being understood.
Worst sushi I have ever had, hands down. I have had better sushi from a grocery store. Sashimi salmon was hard and no flavor. Triple threat roll was stale tasting and the spicy tuna in it was brown colored and hard as if it came from a spoiled can of tuna. Also got the fried calamari which was like rubber and had no flavor at all. Top it all off with terrible service and I can honestly say this was my worst sushi experience ever.
I've spent the last three days in Toronto, sampling breakfast across the GTA, but none compare to Panagio's in Scarborough.\n\nToronto life blog ranked it as the best breakfast in Scarborough, but I'm here to tell you it's the best in TO period.\n\nThe food was excellent, prices were very reasonable, portions were large, and the service was fast, friendly, and genuine. I'm not sure what more you could ask for.
We just had a fantastic dinner here. They have the best smoked meat this side of Montreal. We asked them where they get it and they said they get their smoked meat from Montreal. No need to go to Montreal to get smoked meat anymore now Toronto has it!!
Worse dim sum place I've been in toronto so far.  Horrible service...The staff acknowledges you but ignores you. \n\nFood is below average if you manage to get some food at your table. \n\nThere are plenty of dim sum places in toronto so spare yourself from the horrible food and service from this place.
Pleasant atmosphere. Food was very well prepared and the staff very attentive. Wasn't expecting the quality this restaurant delivered being located in the museum itself.
I love this place. Very best doughnuts you can get. Tons of flavor combinations. Always made hot and right in front of you. Staff is always friendly and accommodating. They really seem to care about their business and the people who come in. If you are ever in the area I would definitely check them out. It does get busy at times but well worth the wait.
This is my and my wife's favorite Chinese buffet in Charlotte. They are extremely friendly, have a great selection of food ( bourbon chicken is my fav) and the place is always clean and presentable. Location is very easy to find and in a popular area. If you like buffets this is definitely one you should check out.
This is a beautiful restaurant. I'm happy they took out the smokey grill.  We went here for Mother's Day and the brunch was perfect!!
Well like any other game works, you can expect to pay anywhere between $1 and $2.50 for a single credit of any game. It's very expensive but you can save a lot by purchasing time cards, this seems to be the way forward with any 'swipe card' location.\n\nMachines at this location are generally quite new, however, games can be out of order for months! I have no idea what the techs get up to here, but it certainly isn't machine fixing! When I ask for help fixing a game, they just put my credit back on my card and avoid the problem. Emailing the manager gets results, but we shouldn't have to right?!\n\nFood is pretty good actually, for bar food. Spending $15 can get you a 2 hour game card, so this is the way to go. They also have bowling and a gaming lounge, not my scene personally, but it's there!\n\nI give this location a 2 out of 5 due to the price and poor machine fixing. I will alter my review of this gets sorted out in the future
Came here to try out the food didn't get drinks. Will come back for drinks next time. We ordered Yuzu fries, Korean fried chicken, and pork belly ramen. We loved the fries the sauce they had on it had a slight wasabi flavor. Fries chicken was crispy and good. Not what I expected for Korean fried chicken, it came with dipping sauce that taste like duck sauce. We didn't like the ramen, the broth was sweet. Not sure about that. Pork belly was good though. It's a good place for late night snacks and drinks and games.
I was very disappointed with the customer service I received tonight. So I'm standing at the counter to order and a girl names bailey took her time to walk up to us. When she did she didn't say anything so I had to ask are you ready for my order? And again she didn't say anything other then shake her head. She had such a bad attitude towards me and my boyfriend it's was crazy! While she was taking our order she wouldn't even look at us. Once we paid she walk away and I had to ask what size cup we get and she just said talk any. I get it's 8:15 pm and you close at 9 but your still working. So I hope the customer service gets a little better then what we had tonight.
I'm no Mexican food connoisseur by any means, but this has got to be one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city! The area it's in isn't very lively but there's free street parking all around after 9pm.\n\nWe ordered the burrito de mariscos (w/ tiger prawns) and the Baja fish tacos, with guacamole & chips to start. I've been craving guacamole for the past week and now that craving has finally been satisfied; the guac tasted super fresh and we ordered it in medium so it also had a nice kick to it. The tacos were definitely some of the best I've had - fish battered and deep-fried to perfection and good ratio of toppings to protein. I was also surprised by how much I liked the burrito, considering that it was a wet burrito and not something I would usually enjoy. There were lots of prawns and just the right amount of beans and rice; the sauces they used were delicious as well and paired nicely with the burrito. \n\nIn terms of service, it was quite busy when we got there but we were given menus and water immediately and food came reasonably quick too. Would definitely come back!
I don't understand why people knock charr it's the only place in north phoenix that has a great drink menu and there food is goodn
Another enjoyable and tasty visit..Tried bluegill this time which was excellent!... Service remains very good.. This really has become my "go to" fish fry.
I came here to blow through a pre-loaded one hour play pass on a Tuesday night with my husband. Surprisingly, the place was actually crowded. Our first order of business was to get a drink at the bar, and the drinks ain't cheap. All draft beers, regardless of type or brand, were $6.50. We ordered 2 Stella Artois and were served quick enough, but were thereafter virtually ignored by the staff.\n\nOnward to the arcade! We were disappointed when we realized we would NOT be earning any tickets for the night (because half the fun of going to arcades is collecting tickets to redeem random shit you'll never use). Anyhow, we had fun playing the games we would have never played if we were using a ticket generating game card. The arcade is smaller than I'd like- with most of the games, you had to race some 14 year old runt to play anything. \n\nI would really give Gameworks a 3.5 rating. They lose points for having expensive ass draft beers, poor service at the bar, and a limited section of games. All in all though, I would still return if I'm ever in the mood for it. I'll just get my drinks elsewhere!
Amazing burritos drenched in sauce, great friendly service, and cheap drinks! Will definitely return to try other food on the menu. I also love how their patio has the option to be under an umbrella in case of rain... Which almost happened when I was there.
Had a great experience here tonight! Dakota was awesome. He was super chill and easy going which made the environment extra comfortable. The patio area was dark and comfy. The fireplace gave it the perfect touch. The food was delicious. Chicken & Waffles (big portions and didn't disappoint - must try!), Twice Baked Potato and Grilled Chicken Chopped Salad. Doug, the manager, even stopped by to make sure everything was going well and that we had everything we needed. Thanks guys, we'll be back!
I was in the plaza here because of Bruno's and me and my bf were hungry afterwards.  The options, it appeared, were either a Japanese restaurant which the counter attendant at Bruno's said was not too bad, or Maxim. Well, we searched trusty Yelp and Maxim's was described as a Cafe serving French food. That was exactly what I was craving for and so we went in.\n\nThe lady asked me, in Cantonese, how many people and I was taken aback for a quick moment. I then realized this could be the same Maxims near my home...great for cakes, but so-so on everything else.\n\nService is awful here, in that it is very slow. They also do forget things. We came here Saturday around 3-ish so it wasn't prime time exactly. The food on the other hand was okay. I had the chicken which was covered in a great gravy, served with crunchy green beans (just the way I like them). My bf had the fish and chips which tasted like the best microwave oven fish ever! Crispy and crunchy on the outside, and fluffy white fish meat on the inside. The fries were yummy too!\n\nOf course, we had the cakes for dessert and my fave is the Strawberry Meringue and Strawberry Shortcake:)\n\nOverall though, I wouldn't recommend this place if you're hungry or if you're in a rush. The good thing is if you just want to be left alone and not have server's coming to see if your cup is empty or if you want more food, then this is your place.\n\nThey do serve alcohol (white and red wine) although there is no menu for it. Also, my bf originally wanted the kids menu fish and chips portion as he wasn't hungry, but they wouldn't accommodate which meant we got the regular serving (2 HUGE pieces of fried fish).
I absolutely love this place! Playa Cabana is tucked away from the main hustle and bustle of downtown (yet is still close by) so you feel as if you discovered a local joint that only the who's who knows about. The restaurant is on a quiet street among homes and there is a really cute patio in front that you can imagine being packed on a hot summers day.\n\nThe inside is so cozy and charming that you know you're just going to love the place. But the food is so yummy and BIG and satisfying. The burrito's are MONSTER and the length of one full arm so beware of food-coma after. The ceviche is refreshing and light and perfect for sharing. I had the Chile Relleno which is one of my favorite Mexican dishes: fried pepper (with egg batter) with cheese and glorious filling inside. YUM!\nIt doesn't matter how full you are, the Tres Leche cake is divine. Rich, moist cake topped with whipped cream (O.M.G!) Must have no matter what.\n\nThere is a nice beverage menu that will go perfectly well with your meal: cerveza, tequila, vino y mucho mas!\n\nService was excellent: warm and all smiles.\n\nThis place was packed when my friends arrived and people just kept on coming. There are two tables for larger groups and a couple of smaller tables at the front of the restaurant. We were told we had a two hour seating limit which was fine (any longer and we would have snoozed at our tables).\n\nIf you ever have a chance to come here, you MUST. You will not be disappointed.
I fell in love with Duck Donuts on a trip to the Outer Banks last year. When I heard Charlotte was getting one, I nearly fell out of my chair in excitement.\n\nThe key to a good donut is freshness, and it doesn't get any fresher than made-to-order. The maple bacon is my favorite, but all of the toppings are fantastic.\n\nI went on a late Sunday morning, which I assumed was a huge mistake on my part, but got in and out surprisingly quickly. Coffee was pretty good, too.\n\nIf you don't love Duck Donuts, you're wrong.
The atmosphere is very cool with couches for seats at some of their tables.  The food was really good with lots of interesting choices.  They also have an excellent beer selection. My only complaints are the waitress had no personality and the syrup jar was really sticky.
This was just like getting a beef sandwich at some of the places in Chicago. I went in about 5 minutes before closing. The staff was GREAT. They were welcoming and gave me no indication they were getting ready to lock the doors.  My sandwich was excellent. Flavor and the Vienna Beef was a little slice (thinly sliced) of home. Go to Luke's. You won't be disappointed.
Papa John's Pizza is AWESOME!!! Great service and fast delivery!!! Patrick is always attentive and you can hear the enthusiasm in his voice. I always choose this location for carry out and best of all, they deliver to my work!!! Thank you Papa John's team!!!
After a couple of hours touring the Springs Preserve I was feeling a bit hungry and thirsty.  I was also kind of hot as late May in Las Vegas is starting to warm up.  To complete my experience I thought I would give Divine Cafe a try.  It did not disappoint.\n\nI ordered a burger because I was hungry.  I ordered an iced tea because I was thirsty.  I ordered a salad because I was hot.  It did not take long for my burger to come out.  And it came out perfect.  I asked for medium and that is exactly what I got.  It was still pink in the center and taste like quality fresh beef.  I had juice dripping down to my elbow so you know it wasn't dry.  The toppings were good too.  A nice thick slice of tomato, greens, super crisp bacon.  It was a fantastic burger.  The salad was pretty good too.  I like the greens they used.  And the cucumber slices were a nice touch.  I would have been upset about not having my choice of dressing but it was exactly what I would have ordered anyway.  A delicious vinaigrette.  The one complaint I had about the salad was the 8 inch long stripps of carrot that looked like orange noodles.  They were kind of hard to eat as they were too thin to be picked up by fork the way everything else was.  Other than that, no complaints.\n\nI was fortunate that the staff at the order window saw I had left my bag from the gift shop at the counter.  I had a couple of things in there I did not want to leave without.  Like my ball cap and sunglasses.  I was worried when I could not find my bag but then I noticed they had pushed it aside and were waiting for me to collect.  Goodonya, Divine Cafe.
booooo the manager for locking door preventing people to cut across to Amc theater in the morning.  They use to let people walk across before. On gonna spread this to my friends and make this bad decision viral. You mess with the wrong crowd game works!
The Bánh cuon  and chicken pho are my go-to staples here. The Bánh cuon is fresh and the portion is good but could use a little more filling however. The chicken pho broth is clean and not-oily unlike some other places. Sometimes, however, when ordering the pho, they cut the chicken pieces a little too think, and these pieces are also very dry. On a more positive note, there are no weird chicken pieces, they are all breast/white meat. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you haven't tried it yet.
Such a nice buffet.  Really one of the few that really does have way more than you would expect.  Good sushi and hibachi experience for sure.  But the most unique feature to me was the soup bar and the desserts.  Mostly the soup.  You still have your typical soup section you normally see in Oriental buffets.  However, here you also have a specialty soup section with a cook who will pull ingredients out of containers and noodles that are cooking on strainers in water that he puts fresh in a bowl together.  Unfortunately, the special of the day, a duck-based soup, was completely eaten up by the time I came in, but there was a nice selection of options to choose from including whether I wanted it spicy or not.  It's a nice addition to the usual buffet selections that fits really well with the typical hibachi you find at some of the nicer buffets where you bring them fresh ingredients and they cook it on the grill for you while you wait.  Also the sushi was very flavorful, good quality "buffet sushi".  The fact that when I went they had more elaborate deserts like apple cobbler, which you don't typically find at most Asian buffets really means they might have a shot to appeal to a more wide variety of...your picky relatives.  You know the ones.
This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant but not anymore. I was so excited to finally come here with my coworker after trying to schedule lunch for over two months and this is our usual place. We came in at 12:20 and placed our order and my coworker asked for a small side of sauce for the dish that I had ordered. At approximately 1:10, another server came to our table to tell us that our order was somehow lost but they were working on it now. Fifteen minutes after that, the food finally came out. The food, as expected, was delicious. So much so that conversation ceased. Then came the check. First, they charged the full value of a dish ($12.95) for the side of sauce...again sauce for a dish they were already preparing!! Just the sauce cost as much as the dish I ordered. So...we bring it to their attention and request they pay for the appetizer, since we waited practically an hour for it. They come back with a revised check. The sauce...just the sauce...now only cost $7.95!!! For a side of sauce...tomato based curry sauce! Seriously?! I could have just given her my leftover sauce! And the discount we got was 10%. Making for a $40+ lunch for two that took an hour and a half!! With no alcohol!! Where is the customer service? Seriously?!?!!! I won't be coming back!
I did not actually go, as when I arrived the place was full. While it looked lovely, the waiter informed us that we should just leave. When we asked whether we had a chance of getting a table later, saying we were ready to wait, he was rude and just reiterated that that there was no table. I felt extremely unwelcome (maybe not bohemian enough) and was actually quite happy to leave the place.
What a great idea -- customized doughnuts. Why haven't I had this before?\n\nDuck Donuts offers customized donuts and a few other things (e.g., coffee). I got a maple covered doughnut with peanuts. I loved it. I also tried a simple, bare doughnut, which was good too. This is a great place for kids or a quick stop with your date. Every doughtnut is made just seconds before it's served.\n\nThe one downside is that the doughnut base is always the same. In other words, you can't get a blueberry cake doughnut or a sourcream doughnut, which are my favorites. Still, their doughnut base is delicious, and you can do a lot with it.
Ok. Saw this place from" check please Arizona " \nSo here I am with my mom for a early Mother's Day dinner. \nI have had lots of Indian food before both in big cities and small towns. Bill was not right but they fixed it very quick.  \nNow let's talk about food. It was terrible terrible and terrible. If you do not believe. Go find it out by yourself. \nThere are lots of other place for Indian food are much much better.
We just had lunch there and the food was good. I personally prefer La Carnita but it was still good. However, the service here was terrible. We had to ask our server (Chris) twice to bring us water in the beginning. The food took an hour to arrive and when we asked the server why it was taking long, his response was "well it's busy". Fine, I can understand that. I used to be a server but it would've been nice to apologize or acknowledge that they're busy before we had to ask for it. Then when the food came, it all came separately so we had to wait another 10 minutes from the time we got the first plate to the time we got the last plate. So overall, we will not be back and do not recommend this place as there are way better Mexican restaurants with way better service.
Der Ober hat uns sehr zuvorkommend behandelt. Der Blick auf den Schloßgarten und den Sonnenuntergang war wunderschön. Das Essen war gut. Wir kommen wieder!
Came for dinner while staying nearby.....   great!!  \n\nBread knots, insalata salad, meatballs, lasagna & bolognese --- all 5 stars\n\nThe pastries were fantastic as well.  Anytime we are anywhere close we will be coming back.
Absolute worst service ever. Having lived in the Falls for over 15 years decided to try it out. First off had to walk in the bar to enter the restaurant. Stood by the entryway to be ignored.. then  a server tells us to go seat ourselves and she would be right over. We sat there at the table for at least 20 minutes without anyone acknowledging us. Its not it was busy 3 tables of which 2 were eating. We eventually left. We will not return!! Tried keeping the private owners of small business alive with our patronage. Not quite sure how you have remained open with this type of service.
SO EXPENSIVE! Lol if you go here .. Bring a lot of money!! Btw the prizes are also so expensive you need to get a lot of tickets to get a stuff animal !!! Not really worth spending your money here tho..
Petit Italia, for my Italian husband, was a must see. This restaurant was highly recommended by someone at Bar Italia. I had the spaghetti with beef, mushrooms, truffles and spinach and it was well done!  Not too much truffle and the pasta was al dente. The staff and service was excellent and the restaurant well appointed. Well worth the trip!
After living in Charlotte for 3 months, I would say that donut options in Charlotte are pretty limited.  This place doesn't compare to Votex in Asheville, Sandy's in Fargo, or Voodoo in Portland, but probably the best in Charlotte.  The one thing Duck Donuts has going for them is that they are served hot.  The glazes are simple and tasty (orange and maple), but honestly they remind me of Super Donuts (vitamin fortified donuts from my elementary school days).  If you really want a donut, try Duck Donuts.
Lovey place and staff very attentive. Foods are delicious!!! They have Italian night every Tuesday. Sharing Italian culture, language and  music. I'll definitely come back here :)
Their food is great but service is slow and gets crowded with long wait times. Their prices and portion sizes are wonderful though! MUST TRY THEIR QUESO--best stuff ever!!!
The ambiance was excellent. Our server was polite and knowledgeable. \nWe went for lunch and within half an hour, the place was filled up. \n\nWe ordered the white bass ceviche, which was fresh and well done. Our server brought out some salsa on the house, which was a pleasant surprise.\n\nI ordered the mexican cherizos tacos, which came with deep fried tacos. The menu was excellent, except for the greasy nature of the tacos themselves. I tried the carnita on soft tacos, definitely well cooked meat with lots of flavour.\n\nDefinitely a nice nook with very good Mexican food and excellent ambiance!
They are horrible !!!! Gave me my Frappe Half full. I payed for a Medium not a small .
Used to be my favorite go-to local place.  Lately has gone way down hill.  Positives: large portions,  attentive wait staff.   Negatives: odd managerial choices (ie. I Ordered meal- mentioned shellfish allergy, to avoid cross contamination) was greeted by manager holding a HUGE (like 12 lbs) can of hosein sauce, which she kept nudging towards me asking me to read the ingredients.  Ive never had any restaurant do anything like that.  Recently they forgot a portion of my to-go order and i had to go back (they barely apologized) and the cashier up front took my order but forgot to ask my name or note that I paid for it so there was lots of confusion when the food arrived.  It just isnt running smoothly anymore and feels very impersonal
Wow. Stupid good. Amazing burger/sliders and buffalo sammy. Truffle fries and ask for garlic aioli and dont miss the garlic chili wings... each one as big as your arm.  Come here now. Only negative is... hmmm no real negatives. Improvements: serve wedge on bigger plate. Blue cheese with wings instead of ran\nch. Pretty good when that is the worst I had. To top it off... nothing left to go, that good. Deliver to my house. We WILL be back. Brian rocks too!
My partner and I eat here at least once a month.  Great pork chop, fried chicken and rice dishes and the pho is nice and flavourful!  It never disappoints.
Last night I was invited to a private party at Charr. Joe personally cooked for us. We were seated in a little area good for 25 people. \n\nService began with white and red wine. I ordered more than one light and refreshing sangria's this evening. Sara makes this sacred sangria with her secret ingredient Grand Marnier. This very berry refreshing drink is a great way to enjoy summer dinners.\n\nCourse one is mixed baby greens and cold antipasto platters of prosciutto, souprisatta, spek, housemade mozzarella, provolone ,grilled vegetables, roasted peppers, marinated artichokes with a country mix of earthy, delectable olives.\n\nCourse two for me was  Linguine Fra Diavolo with shrimp, clams, mussels, calamari hot pepper bite. Fra Divalo translates as "Brother Devil", hinting that this dish is a little spicy but it was mild enough.\n\nOut of respect I wanted to thank Joe for the fabulous meal and the wonderful staff because as Don Corleone once said "Friendship is everything. Friendship is more than talent. It is more than the government. It is almost the equal of family". -Mario Puzo.
Good pho but not the best pho I've ever had. It satisfies the craving and is near where I live so I tend to frequent this place based on the convenient location. I just get pho every time, never tried the sushi. I want to sometime though! The spring rolls and the potstickers are yummy!
9/10 | I don't often go downtown for Chinese food since it's always so busy, but I saw that it was cart service in Chinatown and my friend and I wanted to eat fast before getting a train. Service was quick and efficient this morning (10:45am) and it wasn't too busy. There was a medium sized variety coming out but it was all the good stuff like pork buns and egg tarts and beef ribs. For morning service midweek, there was at least 15 different options being rolled around including congee, chicken feet, dumplings (shrimp and other), beef balls, tofu etc. - so not too shabby. Food tasted pretty okay too (y). \n\nIt was a great time to go since we finished in 35 minutes including paying for the bill.*\n\nI switched between Cantonese and English, and staff weren't giving us worse service because of it. This is *really* important to me as I usually bring non-Asian friends and sometimes traditional places can be quite rude. Brownie points for them!\n\n--\n\nDIm Sum King is just upstairs in the plaza it's in, and it is close to 2 Green P's nearby if you're driving and really easy to get to on the Spadina streetcars. \n\n\n*In dim sum places it usually takes 1 hour min. to get through everything from my experiences so WOW.
Don't know anything about Vietnamese food. authentic or fusion, no clue....My friends called it " Authentic from the meat to the cooking. And traditional taste lol" \nI can only say, small place, Nothing fancy, but decent. Easy to commute.  Dine in or take out, fast service , good pricing and serving size. Among those I tried in Toronto, this one indeed won me over.  Will come again!
This place is FANTASTIC!!!!! It was super busy and yet the food came out so fast!!!!! Our waiter was so friendly. I wish I had caught his name to compliment him directly but I missed it.\nI have had a lot of Pho in the valley and a lot of it is disappointing. I can say with full vigor that this is some of the best Pho in Arizona! \nTheir hot tea is also lovely. They use full, loose leaf tea leaves. Most places will give you a cheap bag, but this was beautiful!\nFor 2 big bowls of Pho (with a lot of meat), a spring roll appetizer, and 2 drinks came out to around $22!\nIf you like Pho, go here!!!!!
I had a salad. It was the worst I have ever had. A head of lettuce cut in 5 or 6 big chunk a few slice of cucumber and a bit of dressing over it. Simply awful. Considering the price, I call this screwing people.
It's not really my style to write bad reviews, because I've spent enough time working in the service industry to know how hard it is to get things perfect every time.  However, when my experience is terrible, I feel compelled to steer others away so they don't waste their time and money.\nThe list of issues below is indeed 'nit-picky'; once things started going poorly, it was hard to not notice everything that wrong with this hotel.  I assure you, we didn't start our trip looking for these problems.  Generally speaking, this hotel is dingy and poorly maintained.\nOur experience:\nWe called to confirm our room was ready for a 3pm check-in (their standard time) and told that, indeed, check in was 3pm.  Apparently, the person we spoke with didn't actually check to see if our room was ready, because when we arrived at 4pm, our room was not available.  They provided us with vouchers for breakfast for the inconvenience.  Unfortunately, they didn't even get this right, because the vouchers were apparently for 2 nights free stay (which we didn't expect), but their inability to even get this right added to our concern.\nThe hotel was apparently booked for a high school sports event.  Clearly, hotel management must have been aware of this.  Unfortunately, they didn't do anything to address mess and noise issues related to having dozens of high schoolers running around.  We ended up calling the front desk twice because we were woken up.  There was no apology from anyone and it didn't appear they did anything.\nThe list of other issues; again, not meant to be obsessive, but to illustrate management's lack of attention and failure to maintain their hotel.\n* shower head loose\n* ice machine leaking with towels on floor to soak up water\n* no sheers on windows (blackout curtain only)\n* all lamps mismatched\n* make-up mirror loose\n* spray paint all over ceiling tiles in bathroom\n* scrapes on doors\n* 15W hall light insufficient\n* jacuzzi tub wasn't working (given how dirty things were, we realized we probably didn't want to use it anyway)\n* AC only had on/off functionality, so it was either blasting cold air or off.  Given the noise issues we had, some background noise would have been nice to have.\n* rust on tiles in bathroom
Good atmosphere, but really wished the food was in larger portions. Was still hungry after I left even though I had the chicken teryaki bento box and side of salmon roll. Service was good, but the value could be much improved. Was wishing for some Hon-Machi sushi afterwards..
We drove here because of the reviews, but it doesn't exist! The sign by the street says it's there, but you can't find it in the shopping/restaurant area. Wish I could rate it, but the building is completely empty even though there are other places to eat in this one area.\n\nYou have been forewarned.
Though run by Chinese, Maxim is not a Chinese style Western bistro.  It is an upscale casual bistro that happens to be run by Chinese.  And with this arrangement, Maxim offers exceptional value when compared to other casual fine dining establishments.  \n\nUpon entry, I noticed the dim lighting, the white clothed tables, the pleasant and tasteful decoration and, you can't miss it, a wide selection of cakes in a refrigerated display case.\n\nWe ordered from the set dinner menu a Pickled Pork Hock with Sauerkraut and Potato ($19) and a Maxim's Mixed Grills ($22). Both came with roll and butter, starter soup, a piece of cake of your choice and a hot beverage. The Pork Hock was well portioned.  It was the size of a baseball (see pic). The flavour was bold, though not as complicated as the authentic pork hock at The Muskets. The meat was very juicy. The flavour was unfortunately one dimensional, but the tenderness and the juiciness of the meat made up for it. The Mixed Grills had a mix of steak, pork, sausage, and lamp chops (see pic). My BF said they chops were all tender and flavourful, though maybe salty for some. The cut of the meat was good.\n\nI eagerly awaited the dessert because the cakes looked so pretty in the refrigerated display case.  There were maybe 10 types to choose from.  Patrons were expected to choose by viewing the case and ordered it through a wait staff back at table.  My BF chose a slice of Cappuccino Meringue and I chose a slice of Blueberry Almond Meringue.  I must say the Cappuccino Meringue was the better of the two.  \n\nIs Maxim good? Yes, food tastes decent.  Is Maxim a good deal?  Oh 200% yes, if you order from the set menu.  The regular menu is rather pricey.  Is Maxim French?  I am not sure.  It tastes more continental to me.  The service was efficient and sufficient, yet definitely not refine by the standard of a casual fine dining restaurant.\n\nMaxim is a solid choice if I feel like enjoying a Western meal in class but don't want to hurt my wallet too much.
I got the maple bacon doughnut and the French toast doughnut and both were terrific. The iced coffee was good but not the best I've ever had. The service was excellent and had a nice family safe environment.
Best donuts everrrrrrrr! Seriously, if I didn't think the cashier would give me a weird look, I would be happy wth just a plain donut, no toppings. They are fluffy and hot, with a perfectly crisp outside. My first few times I got a million toppings, but these things are gonna fill you up. I'm always hopeful I can eat two, but alas. Parking is usually not a problem, but sometimes it can be really busy. We were there one time during a rush, and even then our wait in line and to pick up was really reasonable. It gave us time to debate our toppings.
Lunch rush is horrible, took about 20 minutes for a crunch wrap and a taco.. the cashier was super nice! But service in the kitchen is super slow!
It is all about market positioning.  In my opinion, when a restaurateur aims at a certain market, whether the restaurant is good depends on whether it delivers delicious food in a hygienic environment, and fulfils the expectation/norm of that market.  If it exceeds expectation, great, but IMO, "good" only requires meeting expectation.  Maybe my expectation of a HK cafe is not particularly demanding.  Maybe I have missed the poorly reviewed period of the grand opening.  During the first visit recently (in 2016), I find Kitchen M meeting expectation of a HK cafe..  The food is flavourful, the portion is satisfying, the pricing is on par with market, the value is sufficient, the ambiance is pleasant, the staff is efficient.  Kitchen M is great for lunch and a value dinner.  The food isn't so good that it could demand high prices, and Kitchen M doesn't charges high prices.  Here you go: it is A-OK.
Consistently great healthy food. ... And a few delights like their coconut cake pastries. Yummy!
I have to say that I am sooo excited to find an Indian restaurant in the area that is not only good, but authentic.  I had the chicken tikka masala, and other people with us had the lamb, the prawns, and the boti tikka.  Everybody loved the meal.  I also have to say that the naan bread was some of the best I have had in a long time.  I will go back for sure, many times.
These donuts are awesome. Before discovering this hidden gem I had no clue what happiness was. The donuts are hot, fresh and made to order. The staff was very helpful in helping my decide how to customize my donuts with. I have returned several times and have  enjoined every combination I've tried thus far.
Was recommended this place by a few people. I just moved to town and live nearby, so I came here for an impromptu taco date. Cleveland Heights currently has a lot of construction going on, so the "sidewalk" in front of the restaurant is a series of plywood boards, but that's hardly their fault.\n\nOn a busy Friday night, the wait was only about 20 min for two people ("waiting" invokes standing outside on the plywood, awkwardly staring at hungry people). Once inside, you fill out a checklist for tacos (like at a sushi place) and I was pleasantly surprised to see a number of vegetarian options. The tofu was especially delicious--crispy and well-flavored--and the portobellos were also lovely (not at all bland and complemented well by the other flavor options for sauces and salsas).\n\nThere did seem to be some confusion with the order (one of my date's tacos had beef when he ordered tofu, but he didn't care enough to tell the waiter and he said it was still delicious).\n\nOther caveat is that the staff seemed rushed, which is to be expected on a busy night. Food came quickly, as did the check. The waiter was pretty eager to shuffle people through and actually tried to take the bill back before we'd paid. I'd definitely go back, but I might go at a less busy time or grab takeout instead to avoid the rush.
Beware! Addictive! I want to try them all.
My first review on Yelp! How exciting? ! :D\n\nI first came here recommended by a friend, even though I read about this place numerous times before on BlogTo. \n\nLet me just say this.. BEST Bun Bo Hue EVER! The perfect bowl of yummyness for a cold winter night, a bad sinus, a stressful work day, when you need something comforting, you like spicy food but can't handle too much heat, a dish to steal off of from your significant other...  etc :)\n\nThey only serve this from Friday - Sunday priced at $9 for a XL. What a deal! \n\nI'll be coming back here as much as I can, especially on weekends! \n\nYayyyyyyyyy!
Red Bowl is always a great choice.  It can get a little busy at times, but is worth the wait.  The generous portions will leave you full and the flavors will satisfy the pallet.
Back up to 4 stars because the food here is consistently good and their daily specials are really excellent ... the Tuesday Lamb dish is exceptional, and the goat curry on Friday is amazing.  I'm not a big fan personally of the belly dancing, and their pappadum's have gotten worse - just plain now, and seemingly pre-cooked days in advance ... but the food is great, and still better than anything else I can find in Phoenix Metro!
This is not the only place I go for dim sum. Very much enjoy the delicious and reasonably priced food at Dim Dum King,  it's this special experience prompted me to write a review. I was close to Chinatown area and hoping to satisfy my dim sum craving on a Monday night. I called in around 9:55 and even though they are closing, they still took my order. The manager was very patience and offered me bottled water while I wait. \n\nI've been to dim sum places where they charge for tea, increase price during night times, and etc.. Some of those offer great food and service too, but it's the warm vibe and traditional cart styled dim sum that draws me to Dim Sum King. They don't just run it as a business but take pride of serving it to people.
Wide variety of dishes. Very friendly service. Love Vietnamese food. Best place in the area.  Pretty much the only place in the area that you can eat something healthy.
I love Indian cuisine.\nSo much so, that if I see a sign from the roadway advertising Indian Food, I'll veer across three lanes of traffic, driving as though I'm Vin Diesel's stunt double in those "Fast and Furious" movies, all in an unashamed effort to sample their worldly delights.\nWell, Tandoori Times is just one of those places. \n\nWhen I'm in the mood for Indian, I will typically run other drivers off the road, push mothers with strollers out of the way, and knock the legs out from under old folks, on my way to TD.\nAnd all for one menu item. \nThe Bengun Bhartha. \nThis eggplant dish is so glorious, it's as though it was passed down from the Garden of Eden's secret recipe book, which Eve presumably stole right along with that apple.\nAll the other menu items are good if not great, but as I say, the eggplant is one of those dishes that makes me fantasize about it while I'm eating my wife's homemade cooking. \nI hate to admit it, but TD has made me a food philanderer. \n\nAs far as service, ambiance, and everything else, who cares. \nWhen you love something as much as I love their eggplant dish, the waiter could have servers Alzheimer's, my table could be in the middle of the parking lot, and that idiotic Indian music could be blaring faux  Barry Manilow. I simply don't care.\n\nJust give me the eggplant, some chai tea, and a guest who hates Indian so I can snag all the leftovers.
Delicious Donuts, open early so I can get a convenient treat to take to work on special occasions.
Pho'ntastic! My sister stalked this place until they finally opened their doors and I'm so glad she did. The prices are very reasonable, if not a little cheaper than their local competitors and the place is bright, clean, and inviting. This little family run spot has some of the best pho broth I've had. The spices come through without being overpowering and of course all the add-ins are there for you to make it just the way you like. They have a very nice selection of other food options as well, including fried or soft noodle bowls, appetizers, and Vietnamese, Thai, and Boba drinks. Portion sizes are really BIG, so plan on taking home leftovers or sharing unless you don't mind leaving behind a lot of goodness.\n\nThe service is amazingly fast and friendly. They are attentive without hovering which is always a hard balance to strike. I highly recommend this place if you are in the neighborhood and they offer take-out if you would rather eat at home.\n\nI will adjust stars after a few more visits but this place is on its way to a Pho'nomenal five stars if they keep this up!!
The fish fry is truly well done. I would definitely return.  I plan to come back to try their cheeseburger and the other fried fish. This time around I got cod. The fries were good (thicker cut) but nothing special. \n\nHelpful tip: If you want a table, get here early. By the time I rolled in at 5pm, there was no parking left and already a long wait for tables. You can sign up for a table on the whiteboard but be prepared to wait. It's worth it for fish this good!
Ate here once. As a big pho fan, I'm glad there's a place within 5 miles in Gilbert. I ordered Pho Thai( - noodle soup with raw thin round eye beef normally)The soup was great, but the meat was not right. Not thin cut as it should be, didn't taste right as the other VN place. Not round eye beef, it was cooked thick small pieces, Cost $10, really not what I wanted. The waitress was hiding all the time. Had to go behind the wall "knock knock" whatever you want, even for check to pay.
Can't say enough good things about this restaurant!  \n\nWe've attended a few of their  special events (Fathers Day, Mothers Day, etc), the Thursday night happy hour numerous times and quite a few regular lunches and we've NEVER been disappointed.  \n\nThe food is excellent and very affordable, the service has always been top notch and who could complaine about the fantastic view??\n\nIf you're looking for a great place for a brunch, lunch or happy hour, you couldn't do better than Divine Cafe at Springs Preserve!\n\nAlso an excellent place to bring out of town guests, such a beautiful place to stroll around after a great meal!
New place. Sister of Ming Kee in Scarborough but Methinks not....Tried this place yesterday with famiy and I was extremely disappointed....in service, price, quality and everything else...\n\nI mean how can one screw up on a chinese restaurant aka "cha chaan tang" its like quick eats...people come in, they order, eat and leave...simple as 1-2-3-4....\n\nMing Kee use to be a favourite but I think one of the owners left and the quality started going down the slope....so we just stopped going to that location once and for all...\n\nNow this one opened, like the usual, people like to go and try new stuff and if it disappoints...it's time to let everyone know...\n\nSo, I ordered the Porkchop rice with Tomato sauce and cheese, which is something safe and slightly easier to do..it clearly said cheese with tomato sauce and porkchop on it...when it arrived...there was no cheese..whatsoever....so I asked and they said..."Oh, if you order the tomato sauce there is no cheese because we feel cheese does not go right with our tomato sauce" so why did you put cheese in the menu...thats called deceiving customers...!!!\n\nSo I insisted on getting cheese, the plate comes back...and it had "burnt" marks over the tomato sauce.....thats what they call adding cheese to it? OMG seriously??? Are you joking me...? Boy; was I upset or what....anyways....the plate and portions are bigger than normal but it taste HORRIBLE...\n\nfamily member ordered steak with spaghetti, it was tasteless...and black pepper sauce only had the colour...no black pepper sauce taste in it whatsoever...\n\nThe pricing is more expensive than some of the popular places in the area like Phoenix and Congee Queen...I AM 100% SURE YOU WILL GET BETTER FOOD there....\n\nAfter going home, I felt sick and the food felt like it wasn't digesting..even until the next morning....I have no idea what they put in the food but I AM NEVER GOING BACK...\n\nI would be surprised if this business will last over 1 yr...if they keep what they are doing now....
SCAM ALERT!  I should probably give this place more than 1 star b/c there are things that I like.  But I have a difficult time when places are blatantly being cheap and cheating children and families.  \n\nSpecifically, I'm referring to their Wizard of Oz machine which is one of those coin dozer type games where you knock coins down.  This game was fun to us at first b/c it has cards that you can collect and if you manage to gather them all, you can turn them in for a ticket bonus of like 2000 tickets.  So I learn that the Toto dog card is the rarest of the bunch and there are only a few in each machine.  And obviously you need this card to complete the set and the ticket bonus.  Well obviously they are aware of this too b/c they literally have all of the Toto cards out of play.  How do I know this?  Because they are stupid enough to put them in the machines at the very top of the decks so that you can see that they are in there.  But the cards fall from the bottom and somehow the Toto card is always on top.  Not 1. Not 2. But 3 in plain view and out of play.  I have been in and out of there for over 6 months and just check as I walk by and they are still right there on top.  \n\nI would never accuse a place of being shady or trying to scam people without being sure... but I think 6 months straight is a fair amount of time to base my accusations.  I have pictures as proof on my other phone.  Who knows what other games they have rigged that aren't so obvious.  It's sad really that a business would be so cheap when it comes to winning a relatively small amount of tickets used to buy mostly junk toys.\n\nShame on Gameworks for taking a game that is expensive to play anyways and feeling the need to cheat children and families.  \n\nI'm taking my business to other places.  John's Incredible Pizza is a very good alternative for those that don't like to support shady businesses.
I am definitely a fan of Pho Noodles.  I just landed in Phoenix and what better way to start my busy day is to find a great Vietnamese restaurant.  I got there around 10am and it was nice that they open so early.  The place had about 10 tables and it was fairly clean.  I ordered the following:\n\nBeef, tripe and tendon pho ($7): awesome!!! the savory soup was tasty (not overpowering of star anise) with lots of meat and noodle.  \n\nGrilled porkball spring roll ($3.25): it came with two pieces filled with crispy egg roll skin, lettuce, pickled carrots, rice noodles and sliced porkball.  \n\nI will definitely keep this place bookmarked on my profile.
Yes please.  Nice interior, casual yet elegant.  Well priced menu with many options!  Food is delicious!  Really wonderful naan (FYI bread).   Tandori chicken is great & available in all white meat.  Vindaloo chicken almost the best Cesars had ;)  make sure use the green chutney!!!  if Indian cuisine is new to you the staff was also r eally good with menu suggestions and serving size.
Though the reviews for this place can cause a detterence, I'm sure everyone has their reasons.  Both Iriana and I came here Friday night after the Markham Jazz fest to lightly indulge ourselves in some Italian food.  \nFirstly you can't help but gaze at the wall of wines from floor to ceiling.  The decor is very contemporary, chic, high ceilings and beautiful chandeliers.  \nOur server, and the service was approximately a 4/5\n\nThe food..aka the WORKS!\n\nWe shared their \n\nFritto Misto; fried calamari, fennel, shrimp, and zuchinnis, this dish was an overal 3.5/5.  I found that there was a lot of batter on it, but nonetheless there was flavor in this dish.  \n\nMains we had their Fiorentina pizza which came with a shareable caesar salad.  We both came to an agreement the pizza was good, but not overly impressive, as the distribution of ingredients on the pizza was off. The salad was good, just wished they put more cheese...again its a personal thing. Overall rating for this dish was approximately 3/5\n\nFor drinks I had their chianti classico :) nom nom....\nWould I come back, yes to try something different...........
No respect to customer at all. Terrible service, never come again. Waiters should be retrained. You should never swear to your customer
Lots of cheap items  \nGood place for a thin but tasty burger and shoestring fries\nShakes are good too\nCheck for "happy hour times" to get even a better deal\nI like that they have a drive through
There are a few Panagio's locations all over the GTA. \nif you're looking to try your local, traditional breakfast, you won't be disappointed.  This particular locations has been here for a few years, and so it was time to give this place a try as per my aunt's recommendation. \nWhat used to be a donuts shop, Panagio's provides you a range of traditional breakfast choices.  From bacon and eggs to omelettes and steaks.  \nWith our cups of coffee hand we made decision.  For food, I ordered their smoke Kielbasa special which is a favorite, served with some fruits and their homemade potatoes.  The dish was somewhat disappointing, you'd expect to see a whole sausage and have a more smokier flavor..,,hmmmm it felt though it was missing something.\nThe portions are more than enough, and at a glance you can see some patrons taking away (para llevar) the rest of their orders.\nPrice, well you certainly get a lot of what you pay for.  Essentially its bang of buck!\nThe ambiance is nice, nothing fancy, but has that typical diner vibe minus the 60's looking decor...nothing close to Wimpy's. Only draw back is the seating between the two rows of tables are way too narrow to pass through...however that was just my observation. \nOverall this place was a delight, and I wouldn't mind coming back.
Great Italian food. Loved their Lobster Pizza. Nice elegant restaurant. Great for luncheon meetings for business and pleasure...
Good airport food. Casual setting. Meal took about 15 minutes to get to me. I recommend the KONG. Obviously it's not cheap because you're trapped in an airport. Besides that standard problem with all airport food pricing it's pretty good.
these donuts are super hard to beat, they are super good. They melt into your mouth!!!!!!!!!!! I love Dunkin Donuts and they are ten times better
Please explain to me the rationale behind having a happy hour that is limited to the bar or outside patio when there are only three (count them on one hand) three customers in the entire place?  The entire restaurant is small and I could hold the hand of the person sitting at the bar while I sit in the restaurant section,  yet, I am not allowed to benefit from the happy hour menu for my drink. If you want to split hairs over this one, you can do it with someone else.  I will not be spending my money on a place that is petty.
I love Steak 'n Shake's food, their burgers have a great taste like no other, and the shoe string fries are the best (especially with some of their seasoning). It's really a hit or miss at this location, and depending on which server you have. We've had a few that were great... friendly, attentive and fast. Then we've had a few that were awful. The last few times we've gone, you have to order extra fries because they barely give you any. And if you want your order to be correct, do NOT use the drive thru or call in. Every single time I've ordered through the drive thru, the order has been totally wrong.
Went all the way downtown to try this pho place. It was amazing, the best pho I have had. The broth was truly authentic and the service was great. I tried the special pho and the rice rolls with minced pork. It taste like it came straight from Vietnam, full of flavour. Would definitely come back.
Im surprised to see low ratings for this place. I have been here a few times, and its always been excellent. I usually get the sambuca shrimp; its always tasty. The atmosphere is nice too, but its not exactly family friendly. \n\nI saw Chef Massimo here once too.
My family frequented here for months and when they got our order wrong last night they wouldn't budge. We ordered 2 pho with just veggies and we received 2 cold orders with a ton of tofu. (All orders are usually hot-- been coming here for months.) When I pointed this out I was blamed for the mistake (even though we've been successfully ordering take out from here for months) and was basically yelled at about all their business expenses, and accused of calling the boy who worked there a liar. I'm just a friendly lady who's been coming here ordering almost weekly, holding a baby- seriously? If she'd have just remade the order - even for half price - we would keep coming almost weekly like we have been. I'm all about finding a happy, fair option. But now I don't see myself returning. That was wild.
Pizza Hut, what can be said?  When you're in the mood for Pizza Hut pizza, nothing else will satisfy the cravings.  This location has its problems, but so far I've always had a good experience with both the food and service (Note: I've always placed my order at the store and waited).  All in all, the place looks clean, food is good, and service is ok. I recommend a visit if you happen to be in the area.
A bit crowded, but the food was good (though very spicy) and service was decent. It's quite a small place and noise levels can get quite high as well.
From the outside, this place looks like a dirty locals bar. My brother and my friend went there to get a beer, and came back singing it's praises.\n\nWhen we went over there, the place immediately had a good vibe. A bar w/ video poker, a shuffleboard game, and some areas to chill back in.\n\nWe ate and drank for super cheap, and the food was REALLY GOOD. I had the French Dip, and it was absolutely delicious.\n\nIt looks like a dirty bar, but ended up being a diamond in the rough. If you're in the area south of "The Strip" or better yet, staying at the WorldMark or Budget Budget (yes that's 2 Budget's) Suites across the street, it is 100% worth a stop!
Me and the girlfriend decided to stop by, I got the spaghetti and meatballs, she got the gnocchi with pesto / four cheese. Our server was super friendly and the food tasted amazing. Will definitely be coming back
This place was really good. I ordered takeout. I was impressed. They had a great food safety rating when I went there. Got some good Jerk chicken and really good curry goat. I would go back again. The woman working there seemed very friendly as well.
On the way to a Softball game, I mistakenly biked west of the sushi place at which I planned to stop. Knowing Pho Linh was nearby, I parked my bike and stopped in, sweaty and parched.\n\nI was greeted with an ice cold pot of tea, which was very welcome. It had been awhile since my last visit, and I don't know if this is a winter-hot/summer-cold thing, but I've never been somewhere that based their complimentary beverage offerings on the weather. \n\nI perused the menu looking for a Pescetarian/Vegetarian friendly dish. I started sweating again when I realized there weren't any, save for an appetizer. As I started to plot my McQueenesque great escape to another restaurant, I glanced at the Vegetarian Tofu Pho paper on the wall. Phew!\n\nThe Pho was perfect. I was pretty skeptical about my order; Considering it was sweltering out and I was about to engage in athletic activity, soup was the last thing I had a hankering for. Against the odds, I sipped and slurped my way to pure satisfaction. \n\nThe broth was delicious - I generally douse my Pho with Sriracha, but there was no need for added spice. The "small" bowl I order was huge, packed with vermicelli and about 4-5 giant cubes of tofu. \n\nIf you're a vegetarian and looking for something other than soup, I would recommend somewhere else. If you're in the mood for Pho, I'd say this is definitely a bowl I'd savour again.
Love it here! Came today for like the third time and HAD to leave a review because they are so awesome.  Super friendly staff, Latrice is amazing with customers definitely brought smile to all of us coming stressed with Christmas shopping. Keep up the great work at this location guys!
Oh Hero, I am a fan of your burgers but not always of your service....\n\nCame here last week, looking for my weekly meat fix. I have developed a small addiction to their burgers - my staple menu choice is the 6ounce hero burger with cheddar cheese combo with fries and drink  ($11 totally worth it). \n\nMy issue with this location was two-fold; the speed of service was slow. A few people who ordered after me got their meals (me thinks they forgot my order). The front guy was attentive enough to check up on it, but still, defeats the purpose of coming to  fast-food joint. My other (and much larger concern) is my burger came without hero sauce :(. That sauce is the bomb, how could they deprive me...I had to go back to the counter and hand back my burger for placement of sauce. I dont really like doing that, because now there are additional hands touching my burger after I have unwrapped it. And what if I had gotten take-out, I would never of known until I was alone in my apartment, sniffling over my sans sauce burger...\n\nOverall, this experience will not tarnish my love of the Hero burger. But I will be more selective on locations where I pick it up. I think I'll try liberty village or Esplanade next time...stay tuned :)
The food was deliocious especially the burgers and pot pie. If you get offended easily or uncomfortable by the slightest thing, don't read the quotes on the wall
Came here today with some friends and I had a blast. I like that there's a lot of selection of games to pick from for everybody. Some of the machines were not working properly though, but it didn't hinder us too much.
Duck donuts are the best! We got these all the time when we were vacationing in Duck... What luck they came to Charlotte! They are fresh and awesome every time! It doesn't get any better...
It was my first time here and let me say their impeccable service really left a great impression. First of all, my boyfriend and I had a $15 off coupon that was sent in the mail which prompted us to give this place a try in the first place. Unfortunately, it was expired. The owner came out to personally greet us, ask us if it was our first time there, and generously gave us the discount anyway. What a great start to the meal. We then proceeded to order. \n\nTo start, we got the cheese fondue. Wow, this plate is literally a plate of carbs. Garlic bread, flat bread, and thick cut fries served with a warm bowl of different white cheeses. It was extremely filling but delicious. Then came the entrees, a lobster pizza and an aragula salad with salmon. Both were really good. The lobster on the pizza was so flavourful. The only thing I was not a fan of was the wait time in between the courses. It was really really slow. Hopefully, that was an anomaly. Also they were very courteous about it, having a server come out and personally apologize for the wait, so that made up for it. \n\nWe didn't even try for dessert, we were stuffed, but we did share an alcoholic pear cider which was refreshing and big enough to share. \n\nI loved this place. Decor was very nice; casual enough to be relaxing but elegant enough to make it special.
Loved this place \n\nA friend and I randomly discovered this place and we couldn't have been happier with Playa Cabana. The ambiance was great, it felt very authentic and rusty, the food was phenomenal! I had the fish tacos and I don't know if it was because I was hungry but they were perfect! \n\nThe customer service was also really good, very friendly and welcoming so that was really nice for a change. \n\nI will definitely be back!
Was disappointed to find out that 'Thats a Wrap' had closed it's doors but very happy to report that an even better restaurant took it's place! The girls that run the place are very sweet and make a mean sandwich. I had the West Coast wrap and the spicy ranchero sauce is FAB!! They give you a really nice sized portion of fruit too, all for $7. You can't beat it! \n\nThey have mustaches everywhere (even on their bags) and it's a cute place. Plus when you leave they give you Ghiradelli chocolates. \n\nCan't wait to try more of the menu as D'Lish is a great lunch spot and has super friendly staff!
Seriously, THE best Mexican restaurant ever! I just love this little restaurant so much that I cant get enough of it. I even took my parents there once and between the three of us we had 3 pitchers of Margaritas! yup, its THAT good!\n\nMake sure you make a reservation though, the place is pretty small, and always packed no matter what night of the week it is. Its pretty loud in there too, so don't expect a romantic date night there. but its a MUST try restaurant, the food is just amazing, they've done a pretty good job with the decor too. I cant wait to try the patio. \n\nFor the trying-so-hard-to-stay-in-shape-calorie-counter FOOD lovers, try their bean salad. Its soooooooo yummy and filling but really healthy and low in cal!
Yum. Freakin yum.\nI have been mostly Paleo for about a year or so, and I've all but cut bread out of my diet, but damn these things are tasty. Like how I would make a sandwich at home if I had time and skills.\nToasty bread. "steamed meats" I guess is their thing. And oh it is delicious.\nI've had the Steamer (pastrami and corned beef. yummmmmm....) and the Italian which is dripping goodness.\n\nI love the shelf of hot sauces from around the globe, all rated 1-10 by the heat factor.
We walked almost 2 miles to find Tandoori Tumes.  Our party of 4 ordered family style the Chicken  Vundaloo,  Lamb Korma, and a vegetarian dish.  We also had 2 rice dishes and a couple naans.  The food was delicious,  great flavors. Fresh meats and vegetables.   Don't overlook this restaurant. Excellent quality and flavors.
My experience with this restaurant is a little mixed. I first came across Alize a few years ago, when I went there for dinner. The wait staff was not so good, especially for such a small, I guess you could call it cozy restaurant. The menu selection was about what you would expect from a restaurant this size. When the food got to the table it was flavorful and I was satisfied with the overall quality. \n\nNow with all that being said, I went back a few weeks later for their Brunch, which I have to say was FANTASTIC! selection was good and the service was better then what I had experienced last time I ate at Alize.\n\nHope that helps
This place is incredible!!! The udon and ramen are the best I've had, tried the black garlic and loved it. We could not finish our bowls, great servings. Our waiter Kyle was exceptional too. Will be back and can't wait for their next door steel drum bbq place to open! So happy the west side is getting better restaurants like this one!
Nice little place for lunch or dinner. Great guac and tacos, although the space is a bit tight and it's hard to get a table. If it weren't so busy I'd be back more often. Service at the bar was a great experience for dinner.
We've been twice now with the whole family, once during their opening test nights and then again last night. \n\nOn the test night, you'd expect mistakes and working out the kinks. In our case, every aspect was just spot on. My eldest, the self styled expert on wings, pronounced Charr's Chili Glazed Wings the best she's ever had. My youngest, not a wing fan, devoured them. High praise from both ends of the spectrum.\n\nLast night, spot on again. Burgers on large garlic knots are excellent, juicy and perfectly cooked. Wings...yep, perfect again. A couple of Leini'e Summer Shandy bottles, super cold and served in cold glasses by our excellent and friendly server Kevin (only his third day, and you'd never know. Great job Kevin!) Fries were nice and crispy (called Truffle Fries, and while did not taste the truffle oil, they were still very good). \n\nReally well done concept, great service and excellent food!
I stopped by at the Eaton Centre food court to grab some food inbetween my conference. The selection was so wide in terms of restaurants. I was craving Indian food so I checked out Amara Express- I chose to have a combo of Shahi Paneer with rice and a small garden salad to go (10$), with a Perrier my combo came out to 15$. The restaurant was generous with the amount of rice but I only saw 5 pieces of Paneer! Really?! I'm not paying  for meat here! Regardless I thought this was too pricey for 5 pieces of cheese! The flavours were good though. \nNext time you're craving Indian food - stick to a proper restaurant that gives you larger portions that match their pricing!
After it took everything in me to step away from my ailing mother at the hospital to get something to eat this is the sorry slop Steak N Shake in Gastonia is serving. I ask for bbq sauce she said they were out then after I inquired about other sauces she proceeds to give me the bbq sauce I requested from the start. The burger was soaked with grease and covered in mustard, fries weren't even half full and cold. This slop isn't fit to feed a animal. I returned asking for a refund the manger first has me to wait while she's writing something down and dropping fries meanwhile the establishment is full of employees. She informed me with a attitude that they don't do refunds. I ask for corporate number and she says she doesn't have one mind you I use to supervise a restaurant every manager has information to corporate, and or the DM. She was very unprofessional and takes no pride in her job. Nobody asked you to work fast food so therefore Boss up and leave the attitude at home. Your providing me with a service and I should be satisfied. If I respect you respect me bc my attitude can go to explosive in seconds
My new favorite place for reasonably priced Italian food. Their pasta a la vodka and their ravioli are excellent. I've also enjoyed the garlic knots before. Generous portions and friendly service as well.
Some of the worst service I've ever had anywhere. Horrible staff. The butter chicken was bland and the chickpeas ruined the whole bowl. And so overpriced. If the  Eaton Centre is going for upscale foodcourt, this place should be given the boot.
I really liked my pho here. The broth was very hot and full of flavour. Prices were about the going rate in Toronto (which is very cheap). The spring rolls were a little on the tiny side and just a tad burnt, but still tasty. I think we originally were planning to go elsewhere in the area but the other place was closed. Lucky us!
No complaints, all smiles. I'm the mother of a doughnut obsessed child, so I made a mental note to take her to this place to see if she would love it. The simple method of being able to create whatever combination of flavored available is enough to get most people excited, especially a child. I waited a week after the opening hoping the crowds would ease up a bit. We got there mid afternoon, and there were only a few other patrons inside which gave her enough time to decide what she wanted.\n\nA short time later, the number was called and she received her box full of warm goodies. At first bite, she was in love. They were warm and looked absolutely delicious. My heart lies with cupcakes, so I didn't have any of her doughnuts, I was just happy she enjoyed them.\n\nShe says she's never going back to Krispy Kreme again.
What happened? We used to love this place!  Tonight's take out tasted like it came out of a frozen dinner box (and I cringe as I write that comparison because the frozen dinners sometimes taste better)! Ugh! Why would they fix something that was not broken?!? \n\nOur chicken was dry and powdery and the vindaloo tasted pasty:( I am so sad to see another Indian restaurant lose it's touch!
Oh F*CK yeah!\n\nOkay so Ive had Indian food before.. generally the stuff you can buy at Trader Joe's or make can make at home. However I have never been to an Indian restaurant before.. Ive always wanted to try but the health reports and the chronic cockroach problems always seemed to keep me and the Mr away. \n\nAfter seeing a write up on Chow Bella I decided that I'd take the plunge! It was SO worth the chance.. totally clean, super friendly staff, great drinks and delicious food! We ordered heavy to cross section the menu.. not one dish sucked out of the 7 dishes that we ordered. The rice pudding made certain parts of me stand on end.. it was that good! \n\nI'm very much looking forward to coming here again.. if I were into the ladies I would have buried my face right into the belly dancers boobs.. seemed like the thing to do after a couple of the best long island ice teas!!
Deutschlandweit eines der besten italienischen Restaurants.\nService:\n\nCiro Messina mag auf den ersten Blick etwas knurrig wirken, lebt aber seinen Beruf und gibt exzellente Empfehlungen\nEssen:\n\nSignora Messina ist die Göttin der Küche und zaubert aus frischen Zutaten unglaubliches. Immer lecker sind das Rinder-Carpaccio und Wolfsbarsch.\nFazit:\n\nUnser Liebling
For a weekday dinner buffet at $10.99, I'd say you can't beat that! I'm a sucker for a good buffet once in a while, and although you definitely get what you pay for here, the place isn't too bad! You have your usual American/Chinese cuisine, but I was disappointed they didn't have oysters. The only thing worth negative mentioning is that they need cleaning staff (both on the buffet floor and restrooms) attending at all times. It gets a little dirty and messy FAST, and quick cleanliness in this type of business is extremely important.  All in all, if you're craving buffet food, I'd definitely give this place a shot!
Friendly prompt service, food delivered quick. Designed to compete with deluxe.\n\nHad the Phoenix burger, great flavor, and that's no Anaheim pepper either. Love that green chile flavor.
Luke's is a great spot for a hotdog, but what you REALLY need to get here is their famous Italian beef sandwich. This location can be a bit tricky to find, so maybe use the Dunkin Donuts as your landmark, and Luke's is just next door to the North.\n\nTry the fries, they are great, and make sure to add cheese to your sammie, you won't be disappointed.
We went here tonight to celebrate my moms birthday. It was a nice night and we had a reservation so we were able to score a seat on the patio. Me and my husband ordered mixed drinks, a margarita and a "Mexican sunrise". Both were delicious, came cold and refreshing, the bar tender gave us a solid pour. We decided to order a bunch of different things just to try. We tried: the carnita tacos (3), the zucchini fritters, the chorizo corndogs, the brisket burrito, the shrimp ceviche and the chicken lollipops. There were no complaints  by anyone. Everything was very fresh, service was frequently and efficient. Dishes came out as they were ready (as indicated on the menu). The corndogs are a bit heavy, and fritters my favourite item, was a wee bit oily but nothing you can't get over. I ordered a sangria towards the middle of the meal and I didn't get it until we were almost finished. This meant I had to chug it before we could leave. It would not deter me from coming back however. The patio was quite congested, I think they have one too many chairs out there, but it's a good vibe so again no complaints. The tiki hut on the back patio is so cute, a very nice touch. Overall, a great new addition to the neighbour, any Mexican food lover will not be disappointed.
When it comes to donuts, I am usually 'take or leave it' when I see some laying out on a table. I wouldn't normally make a special trip to actually buy donuts and usually ignore this section in the supermarket. That was until Duck Donuts came to town!\n\nWorth the hype and more! I visited Duck Donuts on a Saturday afternoon. There were about 15 people there, so no long lines and was served pretty quickly. I ordered 3 donuts- the maple glaze with bacon on top, lemon, and orange creamsicle. I wanted to love the bacon maple donut since I love bacon so much (it's meat candy!), but something about the savory bacon and cake donut didn't taste the best together. So I guess I prefer a sweet topping instead of savory. The lemon and orange donut were excellent. So no complaints in the sweet tasting donut department.  \n\nThey weren't kidding when they say it's a HOT donut. It was hotter than I expected. That is what makes it great. It is 10 times more delicious eaten hot then some stale thing that has been sitting around for days. I don't even think I chewed, I just swallowed it whole! I thought it was going to be a heavier consisting, but it was pretty light. Hence me eating all 3 donuts in less than 10 minutes. Maybe I should start practicing and enter a donut eating contest. Hmmm, I might be on to something here....
Everything on the menu is great. Terrific value for lunch with soup/salad, entree and tiramisu for ~$25+tx. One of Montreal's hidden gems. Everything here is good. Definitely worth trying!
A quaint little place with the air of authenticity and honesty. Plenty of meat in the helping of the standard pho and the accompanying salady things were fine.\nSmall tables very close together, obviously popular with the locals, busy at Friday lunchtime.\nGood value, and worth a detour.\n\n.
I think I'm glad that I didn't try Red Koi when it first opened.  They've had some time to work the kinks out.  We've been here at least five times and have had consistently great food and service.  Their entrees are fabulous (love the Bento box for lunch - $7).  My husband tried the noodle soup and he thought it was great.  Their chicken katsu is made the right way (thin chicken breast, panko breadcrumbs, crispy).  We've tried sushi and many of the entrees...EVERYTHING was good.  It's so great to have this little gem so close to home.  The kids even love it.  We'll be back!
Nicht zu viel erwartet und trotzdem enttäuscht...\n\nUm es gleich zu beginn zu sagen, Stuttgart hat nicht überragend viele Möglichkeiten um am Nachmittag gemütlich und gut essen zu gehen. Da wir noch nie das Nesenbach betreten haben und von "Promiwirt" Marco Grenz eigentlich schon ein bisschen was zu erwarten wäre haben wir die Speisekarte vorab angesehen und mit anderen verglichen. Was dort zu lesen war machte immerhin Lust darauf dort ein bis zwei Stunden zu verbringen und sich durch das Angebot der Speisekarte zu essen. Sei es Flying, Thunfisch Tatiki, das Beef Täter oder die Jakobsmuscheln. So begannen wir unseren Nachmittag mit Wasser und wein und wollten nicht gleich ein Menü mit mehreren Gängen bestellen, denn wir hatten ja Zeit. Die Starters klangen alle gut und die Idee war sich einmal das ganze Angebot schmecken zu lassen. Wir bestellten das Beef Tatar und Flying (Sechs verschiedene Leckereien) und danach wollten wir eigentlich weitere Speisen probieren. Das Tatar (14,50 €) war mit Verlaub absolut belanglos und geschmacklich mehr als Fad. Wer das aus dem Gasthaus Grünewald (nun anderer Inhaber) kannte oder das aus dem Goldenen Adler, der würde sich im Nesenbach einfach nur beleidigt fühlen. Vermischt mit der geräucherten Entenbrust der anderen Vorspeise war es zumindest zu ertragen. Die Vorspeisenvariation (18,00 €) bestand aus einer geschmacklich leckeren Suppe (Curry-Kokos-Zitronengras), Ein paar groben Scheiben geräucherter Entenbrust auf Mangochutney (Eher grober Mango-Curry-Salat) Geräuchertem Lachs mit seltsamer Sauce, (fast schon bitter) Parmaschinken, Wurstsalat (schlimme Sache) und eine Tranche Thunfisch. Nachdem wir die ersten Vorspeisen gegessen hatten haben wir uns dazu entschieden zu bezahlen, bei einer derartigen Bandbreite von kulinarischen unglücklichkeiten wollten wir keine weiteren Versuche mehr riskieren. Preislich ist das Nesenbach im gehobenen Niveau einzustufen, geschmacklich aber leider sehr belanglos oder einfach sehr traurig.
I started working at Brickhouse when they first opened in Cuyahoga Falls. It was an amazing experiance and I loved every second of it. I made some amazing friends and had a blast everyday at work. The managment was pretty shakey when they first opened. We had like 3 managers within the first 6 months. But our bar manager was AMAZING.The drinks are poured strong, and accurately. The kitchen staff works very hard. And the girls bust their butts.\nAs far as the food goes; COME ONE PEOPLE... Its a bar! Its not a gourmet 5 star restraunt. The burgers arent that good. The Kobe is just ok. The Mahi Mahi is delicious (in the fish sandwich) The philly cheesesteak is sooo good. Make sure you get peppers and onions. Chicken in waffles is good as well. Drunkin pork chops are moist, perfectly cooked, and the sauce is amazing. All of the apps are good. The wings are kind of average ( i am a wing snob )\nSince I havent been working there I see they have added more items to the menu.\nCant wait to go in and check them out.\n\nTo the women who was like "omg there was T & A EVERYWHERE!!!"\nCome on. We were never aloud to have our butts hanging out of our shorts.\nAnd yeah ok some girls might have big boobs and heaven forbid are showing some clevage. I just think its so funny how narrow minded people can be.\n'they must all be hookers!" Yeah right lady. Every girl likes the outfit, wears it proud with confidence, and busts her ASS on a daily basis. I made soooo much money when I worked there. And no, not because I was showing the world all of my ASSets. But because  I am nice, I work hard, and I am a great waitress.\nSo suck it!\n\nBrick House Girls + Brick House Food  rock
Very slow service. I had the bison eggs Benedict that I had to send back because it was cold and had no sauce. They did take it off my bill but I will not go back nor recommend to anyone.
This has to be my favorite spot in Lakewood.  Where else can you get shots that come with a toy?  In all seriousness, Yuzu is a really cool spot where you can get small plates and good drinks with even better service.  The butabara skewers and carnivore ramen are where it's at.  All the drinks have funny names and are tasty.  Feliz Cajita's are amazing and the Resting Bitch Face are some of my favorite drinks.\n\nNext is the service.  I have never, ever had bad service here.  All of the bartenders are absolutely amazing.  Kelly, Saad and Cass are some of my favorites.  I've read poor reviews and these are people that are coming on their busiest event nights.  Give them a minute and they'll get right to you and your drink will be great, I promise.
I am really impressed with the quality and quantity of the food you get for the cost. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars was the service. The tall gentleman waitor, with the faux hawk, we had was awesome. He deserves 5 stars. However, the woman, w8th the glasses and bun, working with him was very rude and caused a seen because of closing tickets. There is a time and a place for constructive criticism, in front of customers it not it. I don't even want to call it constructive criticism because it was just down right uncalled for rudeness. I hope the guy working there knows his worth, because he was awesome. Hopefully the lady learns to control her temper, and learns the time and place for her attitude.
The place itself was cool but the customer service was terrible. Our server was friendly but nowhere around when we needed her. \nThe bartender also had a bad attitude, I questioned a double crown neat because it looked like an ounce and a half.. which is the standard for a shot. She grabbed the glass and went over to her jigger and measured it out but spilled some on the process. The second shot wasn't full but she shot me a look like "See?!" so I wasn't gunna piss her off more by telling her I saw it wasn't full I saw her spill some in the process. I did ask if the jigger was only an ounce and she said yes. Super low house pour.. and the fact that the second wasn't full basically meant I paid $15 for a standard shot. \nThe other drink I ordered was flat.. I was flustered by her attitude and didn't ask her to remake it. \n\nNot a good experience with the employees but we had fun playing games.
Thanks to all these reviews about this place I had to come check it out for myself. I'm so glad I did because there doughnuts are so amazing and fresh. You guys have to try this place out. My new doughnut spot for sure.
Ok, I'm not gonna lie.  I feel a bit silly reviewing a McDonalds, but you have to give credit where it's due.  The five stars goes to the morning crew.  There have been many mornings where i have been hungry on the way to work, so i succumb to the temptation of the golden arches.\nI used to be intimidated if there are four or five cars in line.  Not at this place.  And not only are they SUPER fast, it's ALWAYS fresh and delicious.  I'll often pick up egg and cheese mcmuffins for some of my coworkers and we all agree.  They must have magic elves in the kitchen because these are the best mcmuffins e.v.e.r.  \nI also think they must have some sort of mind control device that causes your time to speed up while their time slows down, because on more than one occasion, I've barely had to stop my car because there they are, window open, beverage and bag in hand, smile and "have a nice day" on their lips.  \nThe pm crew leaves a bit to to be desired, but the morning crew has me at hello.
I've been here once a week for the last 3 weeks and every time I come in there is always a positive welcoming greeting and several smiling faces. I come in from my lunch anywhere from noon-2pm and the service is always fast and efficient. The store is consistently clean and I couldn't complain if I wanted to. Thanks subway. My one sandwich is two days worth of lunch for less than $10 bucks! Cheers!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this gem!!!   We sat in the cutest Italian setting restaurant.  \nThe menu has a great varieties of EXCELLENT pasta dishes and seafood ,meatballs or chicken to add. Simply AMAZING food and very good prices.  \nOur sever Jill she was very attentive , came over poured out water and gave us suggestions for desserts!!! Thank you Jill!!!   \nWe will be back and we will bring our family and friends that will appreciate good ITALIAN food!
Drove in from NY just for some Bun Bo Hue. The last place that tasted the best for me was in DC. This isn't the same but came close- definitely better than NYC in Chinatown. Great variety in the bowl.\n\nAnd staff was really nice! Maybe I'll come back!! \n\nOverall, it was worth the few hours and traffic! \n\n-charismatic Cherie
I went here on a Sunday for dinner. I was a little confused finding the place because the sign on the building is for a grill, but it's also the ramen place. For what appeared to be a slow evening, it seemed odd that we weren't seated or acknolwedged right away. It's nice that they put the water down before you even get to the table, but it seems like an unnecessary service because it just feels like you're waiting to be seated for no reason.\n\nThat being said, the service was okay. The waitress was friendly and helpful. She did offer to go over types of ramen, etc. We ordered three drinks and unfortunately she didn't remember to bring one of them until the end after I'd already eaten. To be fair, I never asked her about it when she came to check on us, so it's safe to say that it didn't both me much and she apologized. \n\nThe ramen itself was good. The broth was tasty, but to be honest, between the 3 different types of broth we tried, it didn't really taste much different. One was just spicier than the others. Also, the chili oil and spicy sesame oil they provide doesn't really add spice. I think it's have to dump the entire little bottle in before it made any difference. That being said, the grilled pork belly was nice and quite tasty, but they only give you one slice. That was disappointing compared to other ramen places I've been to.\n\nOverall, I'd give 3.5 stars, but rounded up because the waitress was nice. I'd come back again, however, this place wouldn't be my first choice to take someone visiting me. It's good enough to satisfy a craving though.
Great food.  Flavourful & fresh veggies with the Pho.  Good selection of table sauces.  You won't be disappointed to visit this Pho restaurant.  I went on a Wednesday afternoon and it was continuously busy so I imagine that on the weekends, it is packed.
If you don't want to line up for Phoenix, Kitchen M is your next option! \n\nI must say that they have a lot of variety of food in comparison to other HK style cafe. Their food is alright and their price is reasonable. \n\nThe only thing that I would say don't order from there is their Ramen. I appreciate that they offer something different but Ramen is just not their thing. The soup base was weird and their noodles was not the typical Ramen.
Its not bad for food court food. I'm having the butter chicken and I really wish it was less salty. Way more rice than anything which is why at 10$ I find this a little over priced. I'm not regretting my choice but I don't think i'll be back
Simply put, this place is amazing. I have been coming here with daddy-kins since I was a little girl and have never ever had a bad meal or service. Most recent trip in on Sunday morning I tried something new, the ham and cheese on french toast. wow. so good. lots of swiss cheese and fresh sliced ham on perfectly cooked french toast. I also really like the bagel with smoked salmon. They do good smoked salmon here. The smoked meat sandwiches are also just as good as everyone raves about, always fresh and never greasy or overly salty. Add to all this the lovely servers and friendly owner and that is why this place gets 5 stars.
LOVE this place!  Beautifully decorated and they have belly dancing on Friday nights.  Very reasonably priced considering the ingredients that it takes to make Indian food.  The only thing I didn't like about their dinners is that you have to order the rice separate from the entree.  But still very good.  Try the Samosas!
Sweet little sushi spot in the Yonge-King area (situated beside the Shoppers Drug Mart). This location is situated with a Thai Express and Villa Madina).\nIt's a new spot. My friend and I decided to take a short walk to this location to pick up lunch. \nWe were greeted by friendly staff who explained the process. There are ready-made sushi trays for one with the option to order from the menu (sushi burritos, rolls, appetizers, etc). \nI decided to order from the menu with a dragon roll and picked up a small salad. \nThe woman and gentleman behind the counter were quite nice. I thought it was nice of them to give us complimentary reusable chopsticks. I chose a pair with a cute elephant motif. It made my day! \nThe sushi roll - it was fresh and flavorful. I was impressed with a "fast food" type outlet that the fish was very good quality. \nI didn't mind the walk to this location. Looks like I've found a new quick grab sushi spot.
I didn't have the pho here.  However, with items like banh cuon and banh beo on the menu, who needs that same same crap that you can get everywhere else?\n\nThe lowdown:\n\n1. The banh cuon is fantastic.  I recommend the one that includes banh cong tom, a delicious deep fried tapioca "muffin" topped with shrimp!  It made my heart stop twice, once because I fell in love, the second when it clogged my arteries. \n\n2. The banh beo was ok, not fantastic.  However, this isn't a dish that is often found at Viet restaurants, so I had to order it.  It's worth trying in my opinion, and for $4, why not?\n\n3. Though I didn't have the pho, I can say that they do use the thicker fresh noodles, which I love.  Plus if you order the raw beef, the beef actually comes raw on a side plate.  Also a nice touch.\n\n4. Prices are good, if not cheap.\n\n5. You can order individual rolls like spring rolls or goi cuon (cold rolls) for $1.50.  No more commitments to a full order costing you $4-5!  Amazing!\n\n6. Free street parking in the evenings!\n\nI am beginning to think that the Dufferin/College oasis of Vietnamese joints is becoming the new Ossington.  I am loving both Pho Linh and Pho Canh Buom so far.  Next up to try in the area?  Pho Phoenix.  Could this be the start of the Holy Pho Trinity?  Time will tell.\n\nPS - If I come here next time for pho and it's on the money, this will be a 5-star place!
Wasnt very impressed by this place. I have been here a couple times to get a drink with my girlfriend and play those ticket games. This time i decided to have some food and sit at a table. The server only had 5 tables total to watch over and he was extremely slow. We ordered the nacho appetizer and some egg rolls. The nachos came out at a decent time but the rolls came out after we were about finished eating. We had to wait another 20 mins for the waiter to get back with our bill so we could leave. Not a very fun experience. I think i might just take my money and go to a local bar instead
Ducks Donuts is delicious! If you are a fan of the cake donuts - than this is the place for you. My favorite icing is the lemon with the coconut springs on top. Check them out if you're in the charlotte area!
they used to be great, however, after Tokyo Buffet opened up, their business got slammed. Sadly, the taste got worse as well.
The athmosphere is set by relaxing Asian music; simple and traditional service and decor.\nLoved the tasty chicken and shrimp Pad Thai, and Vietnamese spring rolls...\nBut above all, dining here really feels like traveling...!
Burritos are massive and very yummy.  I also enjoyed the lime margaritas. Fun back patio area but a but loud and tight.
Great atmosphere - I love coming here with my friends and sharing guacamole with a variety of tacos.  Last time I came, I ordered the fish taco (fried) and pork sausage with roasted pineapple taco.  Loved the fish taco (meaty and flaky), but felt the pork sausage was overly salty, though the pineapples were a nice touch.\n\nPricing seems reasonable (3 tacos starting at $15). I thought the cocktails were overpriced ($13 and up), and did not order any.
FOOD: Bampot offers a good selection of vegan and non-vegan options to satisfy your sugar craving. I've yet to try their Baklava. Their vegan cheesecake is superb. However, you don't go to Bampot to eat. You go there to enjoy one of their myriad of teas.\n\nTEAS: Bampot offers some of the best selection of teas in the GTA IMHO. My all-time favourite is the Desi Chai (Indian Masala Chai). It's creamy and flavourful. A pot for one person was enough for 3-4 cups. I was impressed. Whatever kind of tea you like, you will find it at Bampot.\n\nSERVICE: The service was courteous and friendly. Your waiter will be happy to advise you on the best tea according to your preferences.\n\nAMBIANCE: This place is not your typical cosmopolitan, hipster-ish tea house. It feels more hippy-ish, more relaxed, more communal, than commercial. It's a gathering spot for all kinds of people who come to Bampot to have a good time. Bampot is not for those seeking the next "hot" coffee / tea house in the neighbourhood. It's for those who want to enjoy a cup of good tea and have a relaxed conversation with their friend or partner.\n\nI know I'll be back at Bampot soon for another teapot of Desi Chai.
I was told by my friends that this is one of the best Mexican restaurants for tacos. I checked it out today and I can say that it is indeed pretty good. In the summer they have an awesome patio, which is always packed. Even though it's kinda small, the atmosphere is very intimate. Their mojito is one of the best in Toronto and they make it with either rum or tequila. I tried a tequila-based mojito and it was a little sour, but tasted pretty good. Their tacos are $13 for 3. They're tasty and well worth the trip. However, my #1 choice for tacos would still be Barrio Coreano located at 642 Bloor Street West. I give Playa Cabana a solid 4-star rating because they totally deserve it. Next time, I'll make sure to check out Playa Cabana Hacienda.
We started with blackened prawns and seekh kabob, both of which were delicious. Then we had the tandoori lamb chops and the special (prawns in a spinach sauce). The only thing better than the meal was how attentive our server Aaron was. His recommendations were super helpful!
The weather, the family , the friends makes this cozy place a great and perfect combination for PHO. The tasteful and delicious pho soups and Bbq pork sandwich satisfying. I look forward to returning to what is now one of my favorite places !!! Happy New Year!
Man what a good donut!!  The perfect texture; not to light (like Krispy Kreme) and not too heavy (like a Cake donut).  It's just right.\n\nYou get to watch as they make the donuts fresh right before you order them.  Then each donut's toppings are added right in front of you, by hand. \n\nThe donuts are so fresh.  They are warm and delicious and yummy.\n\nIt sounds gross, but try a Strawberry icing with Bacon crumbles.  Ree-donk-u-lous!
So, I'm not saying that GeeBee's needs its own special trip but I would stop in again if I found myself on that side of the strip. Why you would find yourself a few miles south of Luxor I have no idea but keep GeeBee's in mind... \n\nWe found ourselves in the parking lot of GeeBee's  looking for a late dinner. We had made our way away from the strip casinos and were left with very few options...  BeeGee's is open 24/7 and has a full bar and an airplane motif - sold.\n\nThe dinning room was empty but we did see a few people at the bar. This place is clearly for the locals as the cab ride would be a bit much from the Strip.\n\nRibs. Yes, two of us tried the ribs and they really were pretty solid. Not the best I ever had but very good considering we were in a place that had a painting of dogs flying bi-planes. \n\nIn the bar you will find table top shuffleboard which is not something I see very often. We played a few games and had a few drinks as some of the locals planted themselves down in a few couches... Soon after we were on our way out. I've always wondered about these odd video poker/ bar / restaurants and I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised...
Went there a few times before and had the best mac n cheese bacon burger. Never had any issues whatsoever. Tonight went in with a group of 5. Two of the people work there and one did a no call no show since the owner refused to allow her to call in sick. We all went in and the owner refused service to all of us and made us all leave. I have never dealt with such unethical business practice. Just because an employee quits or does a no call no show because you refuse to allow her to call out sick you automatically ban them from eating there and the people they bring in... I was planing on buying the $14 burger a side of mac and cheese and a few mixed drinks.. So you lost a few customers.. Great owner..
This is by far the best Mexican Restaurant in T.O, it should have 5 stars. Make sure you book a reservation the day before there always booked solid. But you maybe lucky and get a table the same day. I am very picky about Mexican food as I was raised with a  Mexican family. The food is amazing the service is amazing and so is the ambiance. PLAYA CABANA ON DUPONT STREET IS THE BEST...
I consider myself a donut connoisseur at this point in my life. Have tried them in multiple states, NYC, Boston, Boca Raton FL, New Haven CT and this place has BY FAR THE BEST DONUTS I have ever tasted. Seriously I cannot emphasis enough how phenomenal these were.\n\nThey are fresh donuts, literally made within 1 minute of me ordering, and you get them nice and warm. For other yelpers complaining about how "difficult" the menu is to figure out how to order... you probably have a low IQ because it's very simple and everywhere you look in the restaurant there are signs telling you how to order which again is pretty simple, pick your flavor and toppings, pay and wait.\n\nThe toppings are fresh and flavorful, definitely not too sweet on anything. They are also extremely reasonably priced for specialty donuts 4 for $5!! \n\nStaff was sweet, clearly take pride in their work. Definitely a must try place with an awesome concept - I mean really how often do you get to create your own donuts?!
i had a gift card from Christmas that was burning a hole in my wallet, so i went here for a work lunch.  Food was excellent, I got the Four Cheese Pastachettis with chicken.  It took longer than expected to receive the entree but the flavor was wonderful.  Cheese, cheese and more cheese just the way this midwestern boy likes it please.  Service was attentive and friendly.  My only concern now is that with my digestive system is sounding like an earthquake.  I hope that it agrees with me later on this afternoon and doesn't send me into a multiple dating spree with the bathroom.  Yikes.
One of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas!!! My family of six stopped by this Sunday after our Walk with a Doc program. Everything was great!! I ordered an eggs Benedict with a prickly pear mimosa and wow!! Seriously, one of the best rendered eggs Benedicts  that I've ever had in Vegas. The eggs were perfectly poached and the Holladaise sauce was light...the other dishes were great, including by a burger on Brioche with butter lettuce. A great way to start a pre-birthday Sunday
This place used to have better service.  I still do love the food and like that it is local and don't have to go to a big place to get sushi.  One time I ordered one sushi roll to go and waited 40 minutes while I sat.  I think they need more staff on busy days
Decent gyros at a decent price -- a large gyro combo costs around $7, and less if you manage to get a deal on the Hooked app. The meat is a tad dry, but the sauces somewhat make up for it. 3.5 stars
I'll keep it simple and easy- BEST PHO in The Central Phoenix area. Clean restaurant- friendly and fast service.
This was my first ever dim sum experience and I loved ittt. It's a very wide restaurant with plenty of options. \nThe employees drive carts of different foods such as shu mai, dumplings, rice noodles, etc. around to customers' tables and offer you some. It's not very expensive, they have a lot to offer, and the food was delicious. We kept getting more of the shrimp and pork dumplings because they were that good. \nYou get full pretty quickly without even realizing it! \nI'm giving a 4/5 because towards the end of our visit, we didn't get acknowledged as much. \nThe food was still very delicious.
pretty good... we went there once and the food wasn't that good.  but we have gone back and the food was better must have just been an off night.  everything is yummy.  the dishes are better then the sushi!  we breing our kids every time so very kid friendly.
Ehhh...nothing special. It's cool you can pick from different glazes and they have several flavors but the doughnut isn't that great. Very cake like and less like a real doughnut. If you like cake-ish doughnuts then you'll probably like Duck's, but overall I'd rather have Krispy Kreme any day.
The good: Housemade corn chips. Tasty, fresh guac. Zesty beverage (Playa Paloma). Friendly, efficient service. Tacos de pescado. Insanely spicy hot sauce. Monster sized slice of tres leches cake. B-list Canadian celebrity sighting.\n\nThe bad: Incredibly cramped seating.\n\nThe ugly: Snobbish, disinterested hostess.
Like some of the other Yelpers, I'm completely overwhelmed when I walked in. I feel and look like a lost child!! My eyes and body language shows you I'm stress out. Soo many thing to decide. How many, what kind of toppings and what CAN go with what!!! Oh my!! \nAfter the sweats finally settle down. I ordered the plain chocolate and another lemon with raspberry drizzle.. The staffs seem to push me along pretty quickly.. Not very friendly. I feel like I'm get push along like an assembly line.. and then comes the donuts.. I love the fact that it's hot and melted in your mouth. But I'm not a big fan of cake dough donut.. I'm used to the good ole fashion yeast risen donut. And once it cool down. It's not very good either! I do love their concept. Hot, custom order, and some many options to twist your mind!
Amazing authentic Italian food...great service! Save room for dessert! Highly recommended!
Neuer Schicki Micki Tempel im DOQU neben Breuninger.\nService bemüht, aber nicht wirklich aufmerksam.\nKarte nicht allzu üppig, Preise im gehobenen Niveau.\nInnen auf 2 Etagen ca 150 Plätze, 90 im Aussenbereich.\nParken in den ( da kann das Nesenbach nichts dafür ) unverschämt teuren Parkhäusern.
My fave cafe in Edi. Great banoffe pancakes. Wonderful scones (not all dried & crumbly like everyone else's) and good portions and prices. The staff are funny and fast and sweet and efficient. I've eaten there dozens of times and cannot think of a negative thing to say. Except for that one time they were out of change for my £20. Highly recommend. But get there fast; it's tiny!
Awesome service, however I only give it two stars because I have now gotten soggy drive thru food from there that was so wet and it smelled kinda funny like it was wet with mop bucket water.
**Disclaimer - this review is purely based on their food.  I've never dined in due to the bad reviews about service, and if you live close, I'd recommend getting carry out as well.  Even the little interaction I have with people over the phone seem to indicate that service isn't that great.\n\nThat being said, I'm a firm believer that bad service should never stop you from enjoying good food, especially when it's this good!\n\nIf you're new to Indian food and want something other than Chicken Tikka, try their vindaloo. We always get lamb, but I'm sure the chicken is great as well if you're not a fan of lamb.  The thing that really makes this dish is the potatoes.  Oh my gad.  They completely absorb the flavours of the sauce and just melt in your mouth.\n\nWing lovers, you HAVE to get the tandoori wings.  A squeeze of lemon is a must, as it brings out the smokiness of the grill.  \n\nIf you want to avoid meat, they have plenty of vegetarian options.  My boyfriend's favorite vegetarian dish is their Malai Kofta - huge veggie dumplings cooked in a creamy tomato sauce.  Apparently this is a really hard dish to get right, and theirs knocks it out of the park.\n\nThis is a restaurant my boyfriend would take his Indian mother to - a true testament to how great everything tastes.  Highly recommend!
My go-to dim sum place in Chinatown if I want cart service for yum cha.  The restaurant is spacious for being in the downtown location and one of the more modern and cleanest restaurant in the area.\n\nI was here last week for Chinese new year dim sum with my best friend and came around noonish so it was fairly busy.  \nWe were a little disappointed since the carts weren't frequent and it seemed like the same carts were being circulated.  I had gone for a run earlier that morning so was very hungry, but was very patient because that's what dim sum with cart service is about.  \nOrdering one or two dishes at a time as the carts circulated is they key to dim sum so food remains fresh and hot; plus it helps with digestion - eating slowly, enjoying the food, drinking tea, and catching up with conversation as that's what dim sum is about.\n\nCredit goes to the ladies with the carts as they tried to sell off their food even though we already had their dishes. Bonus about speaking Cantonese, they were extremely friendly to us and did suggest if we wanted something in particular we could order from the servers wearing vests. We weren't in any hurry and didn't know exactly what we wanted so just waited for the carts to circulate. \n\nDim sum for two came to close to $38 which is a little pricey for the amount of food we had - 7 standard dim sum dishes. Plus I did not like fact that the server waited while we paid,  but realized we were taking our time, so eventually left.  There was no lineup and by this time it wasn't busy, so not sure why they were trying to rush us out.\n\nWith a name like Dim Sum King you would expect exceptional dim sum, but that's not the case.  Overall, good experience and good decent dim sum for downtown location in Chinatown. Definitely worth a visit if you want traditional cart service.
Playa Cabana never disappoints. Out if all the Mexican places I have tried, this is definitely the best. You can't go wrong getting any of their tacos. I've tried almost every taco on the menu and my favourite a are the Chicken Tinga and the El Pastor. I highly recommend getting the guacamole and chips for the table (they will be gone in no time) and the flautas.
I've been here before and after the remodel. The food was excellent then and I thought today it was still pretty good. Not sure I like the new layout. They took away the bar and my girlfriend and I are definitely barflies. The service has always been pretty crappy. Still was today. Nice people. They just don't know the menu and they are absent. Anyway, we will be back for the food. Hopefully they will work on service.
Great place for a burger. Food is awesome and the truffle fries are top notch!\n\nThe bar has a small town vibe but uptown look. It is fully stocked with a great selection. They even have some rare whiskeys I like.\n\nI have been here 3+ times. Joe came out from the kitchen this time and chatted with our family. It was a nice touch and made me want to write a review.
Ziemlich leckere Sachen gibt's hier. Ich kenne Vital Lunch seit ca. 2004, als ich ein Praktikum machte und es in der Agentur gerade in war, nicht etwa gewöhnliche Pizza zu bestellen, sondern eben Flammkuchen oder Baguettes von Vital Lunch. Seit damals hat sich an der Qualität nichts verändert  es ist immer alles gut, frisch, lecker. Als Bringdienst scheint mir Vital Lunch manchmal überfordert, bis die mit ihrem kleinen Roller angeknattert kommen vergeht schon mal eine Stunde. Besser selbst abholen. Ich mag das Baguette Palma!
I m quite disappointed with my crabmeat udon. It was quite bland. The tapioca noodle had several different texture to them. Some were done nicely while others were under so they were a bit chewy. \n\nMy friend's Banh Cuon was uber delicious. \n\nI was really looking forward to eating here. \n\nI will be back to have their Banh Cuon and maybe try their pho but the udon was definitely a bust.\n\nService was efficient.
Playa Cabana had solid food. Loved that they took reservations, portions were good and the staff were very attentive. We started with the bucket of shrimp. "Bucket" is probably an overstatement, but still delicious. We then ordered the beef tacos and fried fish tacos - the beef was better. The churros were good but I thought was over priced. Overall, loved Playa Cabana (especially in comparison to its sister Hacienda restaurant).
Not sure why there are so many dislikes. Barista was super nice and we had 2 double shot iced americano! Tasted great so 5 stars overall!!!
Every dish we tried was excellent! However, when the place gets busy at lunch time a lot of the dishes are nowhere to be found however as soon as the restaurant became less busy suddenly many more dishes started to trickle down to our area. It would seem that the key to having a positive experience here is location location location the shrimp dumplings were our favorite
Really delicious! This is a good place to stop by for some quick and tasty food. It is near campus, which is convenient for students. It was my first time there and I took a while deciding what I wanted, but the person behind the counter was patient. I will definitely go back if I'm ever in the area!
Great food. Horrible parking. Rude staff.  1st time I thought because so busy and new. 2nd time I thought hmmmmmm.  3rd time is a pattern.  Staff at the bar are rude and poor service. You have to open a tab at the bar at least that is what I was told.  I ordered a blue moon, the bartender didn't offer a glass which is ok but the beer was not cold so I asked if there where any colder beers and he said they were all the same so I asked for a glass, some ice and orange slice.  I could tell he labeled me 'the pain in the ass' customer.  When my friend showed up, we waited to see if he would notice her and come over.  He was watching sports on TV. I had to eventually interrupt him to get a drink order.  So the food is good, poor service so I thought next time get the food to go.  Well the tacos get soggy to fast, need to be eaten at the restaurant for the best experience.
Great menu, friendly waitstaff, artsy atmosphere.  I wish this place were open for dinner and had its own entrance. The Kale salad with salmon was to die for as well as the crab cakes.  Daniel, our server, was very attentive and friendly (and has great hair!) Everybody seemed to really be having a good time that works there. David, the manager was very informative and told us this place is affiliated with The Farm at South Mountain and Santa Barbara Catering Company. It doesn't get much better than this folks.  This is a definite good suggestion for lunch or Sunday brunch.
Hier gibt es vor allem blegte Baguettes der unterschiedlichsten Art und Crepes. Es gibt draußen einige wenige Stehtische, ansonsten ist alles zum Mitnehmen konzipiert. Der Salt ist auch sehr lecker. Diesen bekommt man in einer stabilen Pfanddose, für die man bei Rückgabe 3 EUR wieder erstattet gekommt. Jede Bestellung wird frisch zubereitet, die ensprechende Wartezeit muss man beim Abholen also berücksichtigen. Eine größere Bestellung besser vorher telefonisch aufgeben.\nBei jedem Baguette hat man die Wahl, ob mit Käse überbacken oder nicht.\nAm leckersten finde ich die Baguettes mit Obst und Schinken und Käse.
You must get the cannoli's, best I've ever had! Everything was delicious!!! It'll be our go to Italian spot in town!
Pho what?!  Pho me @ Pho Linh biaaaatchaaaaaa.\n\nForget meet me at Montauk ... meet me @ Pho Linh!\n\nGot here at 3, 2 real viet families having late lunch, old biz, familiar, genuine warmth, kids playing around, this is the real deal, generations of their own ppl come here, off peak, avoiding the crazed hordes.\n\nWe woke up late.  OK, my old pho place, closed, rather sold, used to chill teacups.  They do it here.  And the tea tastes of tea.  It's not coloured water, as served in many not so fine establishments.\n\nGot special pho, small, banh cuon, dry vermi with grilled pork sp roll, and mango shake.\n\nPho soup, clean, not super tastey as in msg-ey, relying on ingredients.  Beef, tripe, brisket, tendon, all better than avg, fresh.  Noodles, not from dry, I think, may be fresh daily from local shop.  Basil, not a spot of black, sprouts, all super fresh, chili, not the new super hot gmo variety sold at tnt, just enough heat.\n\nMango shake, niiiiice, not too sweet, brought to you in takeout cup b/c many/some won't finish drink there.  Happens to me every time.  Considerate.  Look, we go for sufficient, for pleasure, not gluttony, not fullness.  And that shake is wonderful and even better when sipped slowly as you walk off the meal.\n\nBanh cuon, #12, small, a fine find, simple, delectable, light, cha lua is lighter than that sold in market too.  Good recomm by many here.\n\nLast, the dry vermi, sooo rounded, so packed in flavours, variety in textures, delights.  I like sp roll here quite a bit.\n\nSERVICE\n\nLook, when you go during peak, it's what it is, which is prob still faster than most western places, that pho, you order, turn back around, and it's there.\n\nFriendly service?  You bet!  Been to Viet, only a week mind you, but we felt the same here, that Buddhist ideo in core of being.  What do you want?  Banter?  You want them to ref your life, your media, make you feel at home in your monoculture?  They serve quietly with grace, speak only when needed, not wishing to disturb.  Adjust yourself culturally, try to fit into this little oasis.\n\nFamily-owned, family-operated, not as gaudy as the paunchy owner of Golden Turtle.  The son here, great looking kid, humble, fit as hell, seems happy enough to help out, good parents, good prospects for Pho Linh to last, with continued quality, in the generation to come.\n\nYeah, agreed, best pho place, dtwn TO.  And yes the pho is better in Vietnam.  I don't know what it is, great anywhere I had it, even at little streetside stalls.  And service in Viet, even sweeter.\n\nRemember, cash is king, and he's a sovereign, none other accepted.
Second time coming here. Terrible & rude customer service will not go again; happened on Oct 25 2017 10-11 AM . I went to get take-out and I asked (all dialogues in Cantonese) if they accepted cards for payment. She said, "Wow so little and you want to pay with card". Then I paid with cash, and then she said, "Don't play around kid". After this, she gave me some change in USD, when I asked if I could get a Canadian quarter instead of American, she said, "USD is worth more than CAD". I didn't care because I can't legally use it in Canada and it is inconvenient. She eventually took it back and gave me a new one, but I can sense the negativity from her.
Great, authentic food at reasonable prices. Not blown away, not disappointed.\n\nHad dinner with the boyfriend on a Saturday night in the cramped, no-elbow-room front section of the restaurant. Drinks and food came at a good pace, but I probably won't remember much about my visit in a few weeks.
Okay, so first of all, my ahi salad was very, very good. Also, cucumber water is always a treat. And, the view is spectacular; one of the best in the city. Now that's out of the way...can we talk price vs portion? My salad was delicious, but for a $10+ salad, I'd appreciate a larger helping. I'm not even asking for more Ahi; there was plenty of that; buy dump on the greens, I can take it. Also, and this was purely circumstantial, though I can imagine it happening often: people's children. Christ on a cracker, can you please control your little zoo animals? Letting your children run, play, roll around on the floor, and use adjoining empty tables as their own jungle gyms is not only rude to other patrons, it demonstrates a significant deficiency in parental ability. To the restaurant: please discourage this kind of obnoxious behavior. I absolutely love the Preserve, but hesitate to bring my friends with me to Divine Cafe, lest we get caught up in some variant Lord of the Flies scenario. Otherwise, thanks for the fresh lunch and the relaxing, refrigerated view on a sunny day.
Been here several times now, and I find the food is just so-so...nothing amazing. Not very "authentic" either. But there's not that much else around the area. The interior is pretty nice!
AMAZING!  I have had these donuts before while on vacation in the Outer Banks and boy am I excited a shop opened up here in Charlotte.  These donuts are bursting with flavor.  Really rich, cakey flavor.  Don't miss the Reese's (dipped in peanut butter and drizzled with chocolate) and the maple icing with bacon bits on top.  WOW
Playa Cabana is the best Mexican food in Toronto. Everything made from scratch and so fresh, full of flavour. They are great with substitutions and allergies. Quite a few original dishes on the menu like the grilled octopus taco which is a must try. Homemade hot sauces on the table as well. Corn tortillas are made in house. Great ambiance, makes you feel like you're in Mexico. They have many kinds of Mexican tequilas and the best margaritas in the city. Very small restaurant though, going for lunch or during off hours is the best time to avoid lines.
Rolls are much smaller when ordering takeout. I ordered the princess roll which cost $15 and it wasn't worth the money spent! Sushi tasted warm and not cold like it should be. They are really greedy with the pickled ginger and wasabi- I've eaten in and rolls were much bigger! Disappointed this time around! Red Koi be consistent and stop being stingy with your sushi, ginger and wasabi!!! I definitely won't be returning to this spot!
Pork vermicelli bun was good but wish they gave more veggies in it. Was mostly just lettuce.
Pho-bruary continues! This time, on a block of Vietnamese businesses in a neighborhood I never go to. Where the hell was I?\n\nThe Pho-ndamentals\nPho Tai Gan (rare beef and beef tendon); large = $6.50\nBroth: More light and refreshing than hearty and rich; the sweetness from the star anise was delightful\nBeef: Too lean, too flavorless, too dry\nTendon: I got jaw fatigue from all chewing. Ugh.\nNoodles: Fresh, slippery noodles that were as smooth on my palate as a romp on satin sheets; however, they may have been too delicate and I almost wish they were a tad thicker \nGarnishes: the mung bean sprouts and basil were fresh; they included saw leaf (because sarah l. was not with me this time)\n\nService: Efficient; just like at every pho joint, the paper and pen ordering method means I don't even have to talk to anybody. One day, I'll be able to order on a touch screen and have robots bring the food to the table.\n\nOther: The place is smallish and was packed with Vietnamese families. The "large" is smaller than the "medium" at Pho Pasteur but they didn't charge me tax. The total was exactly $6.50. But I am paying the MSG dehydration after-tax.\n\nBOTTOM LINE: The fresh noodles were a nice treat but I wish they used better quality meat. Oh, how to rate?...let's say 3 stars.
Super affordable, especially with the Tuesday special (it only costs 1 dollar but its limited to only one kind, not all of them are 1$).\n\nI usually eat my tacos at Maïs, but its cost twice as much as Don Taco. The plating is not as fancy and the portions are not as generous as at Maïs, but for such a cheap price I won't complain. \n\nLove how the tortillas have crispy edges. They don't put too much sauce or seasonings, which really brings out the natural flavors of the ingredients, but it can make you feel like it tastes a bit bland...\n\nGreat spot to grab a quick and cheap lunch :)
Pretty delicious.\n\nWent labour day monday and the place was packed. despite making a 7pm reservation, had to wait for another 20 for a table... not shocking, considering the place is teeny. i was a bit annoyed, but felt better once we grabbed a drink at the bar. the bartender was pretty rad, and made a pretty delicious drink which was off-menu (because i asked for something with Tromba Tequila). \nonce our table was ready, we scanned the menu and promptly ordered the made-to-order guac. chips were good, guac was just alright.\n\ni was a bit concerned, as my partner is quite the picky eater and turns his nose up at anything he can't see a picture of or read what's in it.\n\nhe ordered a veggie burrito - sans dairy (so happy they were accommodating)\ni ordered the 16 pepper and nut mole - veggie.\nmy cousin ordered something with chorizo and a fried egg on top.\n\nwhat a relief when my partner dug in and said that it was delicious. what's even better is that he tried mine and thought that next time he would order what i ordered.\ni thought that the mole was awesome. not too sweet, just the right amount of savoury...and the filling was mushrooms and zucchini all marinated and soft. yum!\ni tried the chorizo dish and it was also pretty delcious. \nthe black beans and rice were also flavoured awesomely.\n\nif you're looking for someplace to go and willing to wait, go here. the flavours are worth the wait. and there's something for everyone.\n\nnote: mondays are lobster monday. want to go back and try the seafood.
My expectation for gameworks is that the games actually work. We opted for an hour unlimited play, which we understood that we wouldn't be getting tickets and about 12 machines that weren't valid with our pass. However, there were a large number of machines that were out of order. Especially a lot of the driving games with 2 player options had 1 player not working.  I feel like the maintenance of their machines used to be a lot better, or maybe the machines are just getting old and they are due for new ones. We still had fun with the ones that still worked, but I was pretty disappointed. They also have a bar here with reasonable prices along with a menu for food too.
Interesting atmosphere, great food and good service. Prices were good. The rice bowls are amazing and the yuzu fries are great too! We will be back!!
I had been looking at the Yuzu menu for some time, pulled in by rice bowls, Pan-Asian food, fun kids menu and awesome prices. I ended up ordering delivery through UberEats. First, it was quick. Took about 30-35 minutes, which is less than most pizza delivery. I ordered a Korean bulgogi bowl, Thai steak bowl, the Yuzu fries and a child's chicken teriyaki and pb&j skewer. My Thai bowl was REALLY good. There was a sufficient kick from the fresh ginger (but I'm a wimp when it comes to spice). I also tasted my husband's Korean bowl. It was really good, but, it didn't taste like any bulgogi I've ever had. Again, however, it was so good that I'd order it again. I tasted my kids' chicken teriyaki and I appreciated that it tasted like -real- chicken teriyaki. My kids generally eat kid sized portions of adult food so I love places that offer that. The prices are super reasonable. At first glance, the portion was small but I was satiated. I'll definitely return.
The best donuts. I tried the orangecisle, cinnamon bun and strawberry shortcake. They were all delish! I love that you can customize your donut with a variety of toppings.
Hello Ursula.\nThank you very much for everything that you did for our family and guests.\nOur sons catering for his Baptism was a very classy affair and everyone was impressed.\nThe food was gourmet and bountiful. \nWe will see you real soon, and count on you for many upcoming events.\nIt was a pleasure to have met you and worked with you.\nThank you.\nCharles, Jacqueline and Alex S.
So I've been here before and it's ok. Does get pretty crowded. I came here on another occasion when it was slower. My BF and I were playing a game and a lady approached and set her child down on the game next to us. He started crawling over to get to our game.. He even picked up our balls and while playing this fast paced game I hit him with my elbow. Complete accident. I did not think this lady was partially challenged enough to allow her child to run wild. I told her to move her child or it'll happen again, he's not my responsibility. She threw back some shade, so I told her to learn to be a mother. Later my BF and I are at the bar and he is standing next to me. The lady came by as if she was about to exit. She took her styrofoam cup and threw her drink on my BF. I got up and threatened her damn life. We called management and he had said she is here almost everyday and let's her kid run around and he felt too bad to kick her out. Mind you, she isn't paying to play ANYTHING. End of story, he comped us some games and the bartender was cool enough to comp us a drink. Well, I'm here right now and she's still here doing the same thing. So if you're homeless or broke feel free to lurk around here and not spend money. Oh and bring all your kids so they feel bad and let you stay!
I had the lunch buffet and was very disappointed. In addition to a limited variety of entrees, there was no Tandoori chicken; no fresh Naan , no soup and no fruit salad. Certainly not worth the $13.95 I was charged. The price increases to $16.95 on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. There are better Indian buffets available in Scottsdale.
Got sick from their special Valentines menu. Not bad food but okay.\n\nThought the meat trio chicken too dry and hard.
Had some before the fire, had some after the fire. Still amazingly delicious gyros. Zorba's is the only place I've had a gyros where the meat is not only tasty but doesn't have the texture of cardboard.
My family and I ordered take out..waited FOREVER! Finally called and the lady said the cook left so it was taking longer than usual..whatever that means? Finally received our food and it was COLD. On top of that it was all wrong, no bacon on my sandwich (Turkey Bacon Avocado Ranch Melt)...i love bacon so that sucked. One dab of guac..i had to search for it..Just not good at all. And i payed 9 bucks alone for the sandwich. Wont be ordering or eating there again.
I would normally give OG a 3-4.  They are consistently decent, rarely outstanding.  If I want outstanding, there are non-chain restaurants that can fill that need.\n\nBut today was different.  We went there for Sunday lunch, party of six, and although it overall went well, it was one of the very rare occasions where my meal was screwed up.  I had a steak off the menu, and since their web site sucks and I can't pull down a menu and find the actual name, I can't name it.  But it had a parm sauce with bread crumbs, came with balsamic drizzled asparagus, and garlic mashed potatoes.  The waitress asked if I wanted it medium or medium well, I ordered medium well.  A straight-forward order, nothing custom.\n\nEveryone's food came out, albeit slowly, and I started sawing through my meat.  And I mean saw.  It was tremendously over-done.  I sent it back.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Not only had everyone else finished their meals while I waited, but one couple had to leave.  My remake arrived, delivered by the manager, and I stuck my fork in to it and found it was not over-done.  First bite was great, then my wife commented that it was bleeding.  I know the juice is not blood, but it was very rare, well below medium-well.  I cut another piece and noticed something odd, so I scraped the toppings off and found that the cook (I will not use the term chef since they could not properly cook a small steak) had cut in to the meat to see how done it was, then covered it up with topping.  If they saw it was under-done, why didn't they just continue to cook it?\n\nSo I asked again for the manager and explained the situation.  She was very apologetic and It was taken off the bill, a substitution was offered but everyone else was done and I didn't want to detail the other three.  So aside from salad and two breadsticks, my lunch was balsamic-drizzled asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes.\n\nMy wife theorized a possible explanation.  Since I did not actually send the original plate back, they couldn't see how over-done my original was, and they deliberately under-cooked the replacement.  Perhaps if I'd actually sent the plate back they would have seen it wasn't correct.\n\nTo be fair, everyone else's meal was fine.  But I would suggest that if you order steak at this Olive Garden, make sure it is done properly.
2.5 stars?  Not sure how this displaced Rol San in the most recent Blog T.O. Top 10 DS in DT Toronto. Food was decent and was nice to see the clear plastic tray covers but all dishes were served room temp. Carts are a novelty but they don't circulate evenly throughout the dining room, so what you get depends on where you sit. \n\nSiu mai was a bit dry and got a piece of gristle. Fried shrimp & chive dumplings were too oily (not crispy enough). Tripe was decent. Turnip cakes were tasty and a good texture. Steamed pea shoots with cilantro soy were delicious. Spare ribs were room temp and gelatinous. Steamed shrimp dumplings were tasty but a touch overcooked. Had to ask for soy and chili oil (and only received a tiny bowl ~ 1.5 tbsp). \n\nWe were there for 80m without getting staple dishes like deep fried squid tentacles, deep fried shrimp dumplings, shrimp rolls, taro puffs, steamed BBQ pork buns, or sticky rice. Seemed like the same cart of egg tarts kept circling round our table while the tastiest dishes stayed well out of reach, getting snatched up within several feet of the kitchen. \n\nLots of tables so no wait time, even on a Sunday, but some things are worth waiting for..... like a table at Rol San.
From the moment we walked up, we knew this place would be delicious.  There were people on a sidewalk bench, people at a tiny table, people along the sidewalk and leaning on their cars in the parking lot, all holding small brown boxes of doughnuts and sporting large, sugary smiles.  We walked through their front door and were greeted with a lengthy line and a number of people waiting around for their order, but we soon saw that this would prove to not be an issue.  The line moved along very quickly.  The cashier was extremely helpful in assisting my friend and I make a selection based upon her favorites as we had never been there before.  After deciding on two doughnuts each, we paid, were given our receipt with our order number, and found ourselves waiting for our order while watching the doughnut production process behind a transparent sneeze-guard.  It was amazing to watch the process from dough to fried doughnut ring to decorated doughnut and made the anticipation for our treats heighten.  \n\nWe waited a very short amount of time, and it was nice to be entertained in the process by the doughnut making and looking to see what everyone else had ordered that we barely even heard our order number being called.  We grabbed our brown box of treasures and dug in.  Soft, sweet, and everything a doughnut should be!  It was one of our toughest decisions of the day to not go in and get another!\n\nI would highly recommend these treats to anyone, and I feel that their service was so friendly and fast, even a dozen or more doughnuts would be a timely feat for this crew!  Thank you guys for a great and delicious experience.
Disgusting!!!  At first I already got a bad vibe because they seated us and never gave us our menu. Other people that came in after us got their menu. Then we ordered and asked for water and they never brought it to us until we asked for it. The waitress was like 'Oh right'. Wth kind of service is this? \n\nI went in there and I ordered a burrito and my friend ordered and benedict and when he was eating, he found at least 3 short curly hair while eating his. Yuk! Mine was ok until I decide to eat the honeydew slice that comes with our food. When I bit into the honeydew, it was sweet and not bad. The second bite..eew there was a hair! like curly black hair! Ewk! I looked to the kitchen and I was like oh...they need to cover their beard or something. \n\nAt first when my friend spotted the hair, we were like fine who cares and didnt want to create problems but 2nd, 3rd, 4th?? are u kidding me? At the end, we didnt doggy bag any food and the waitress asked why and we told her and all she said was sorry and gave us the bill. \n\nNever going back there again!
You can't go wrong with the strawberry glazed. Great for kids because they can watch as the donuts made.
I've been to no more than 15 ramen restaurants. This is at the top. The atmosphere is so welcoming and friendly, so happy and cheerful. The lighting is perfect, the anime, the drinks, and staff. \n\nWe will definitely be back. We absolutely loved it.
Offered a yelp check for a free app with purchase of 2 entrees. Game Works would not honor this on fine and play combos.\n\nThis seems silly as the dine and play combos do cost more than the entrees. I understand not stacking "promotions" but game works is in the business of selling both food and games. We wanted to buy both of their offering. This doesn't seem like a promotion as its any everyday offer.
This is my favorite place to eat when I'm visiting family. The best pizza and the most amazing mozzarella sticks. I like the ambiance. Eating here makes me nostalgic for my childhood. You definitely won't go wrong.
The service absolutely horrible and we thought the food was below average. When we informed the server in regards to our experience, he made excuses. We arrived at 8, and no one took our order for 30 minutes, then we didnt get our food until 910. We wasted two hours at this restaurant. We will not return. I would much rather go to passage of india or guru palace in the east valley. The server actually brought an item that we requested when we were done with our meal, then he turned around and blamed me. Who brings an item at the end of the meal. Very embarrassing. It is a friday night and it was not that busy for a friday night so I don't understand why such bad service. The saddest thing was that the server said one of our items was given to another party because another server picked it up, but then the waiter never came to tell us excuse me sorry we made a mistake, I am taking care of it. Instead, he brought the item at the end when we were ready to leave. There was belly dancing, but we didn't enjoy it because the rest of our experience was below average. The server rarely came to check on us. This place has amazing decor and ambiance and its too bad it was ruined by the service and quality of food. They were also selling indian clothing at the entrance which looked really pretty. Its unfortunate it turned out to be a bad experience here. I usually login here to give excellent review, I believe this is my first absolutely horrific experience. Bland food, bad service, blaming the customer, not taking responsibility, this summarizes our night.
Amazing!!! \n\nEverything I had tasted amazing. I had the flautas and the beef brisket tacos. Sooo yummmmy! The tres leches cake is also heaven. So creamy and good! 5 stars for sure!
Just left charr. Had a great burger at the bar. service was good, food was good and I will diffently come back.
This review is solely based on the Mothers Day Brunch . I feel for the price this was a OK experience. We went to the 1-4pm  brunch. Upon arrival there was a bit of line but overall it wasn't that long of a wait at all. When we were seated the family proceeded to head off and get food. They had a Chicken and Waffles station, Carving station, Salad bar and Omelet station that also had bacon and sausage.  The lines to get to each food line were pretty long and it made it difficult with the children but the Chicken was really good and the waffles were delicious.    The longest wait was for the Omelettes which were totally worth the wait but they RAN OUT OF MUSHROOMS . It totally was a buzz kill but the guys working that station were really friendly and did a good job making up for not having my favorite ingredient. I felt like we really didn't have a server at all so I was constantly flagging someone down to try to get our Mimosa or plates cleared off. Most of the desserts were really STALE and just didn't satisfy me at all even though they had a large variety to choose from. I would give this brunch a try again but definitely would choose to go to the morning session.
I've been here twice so far and I like the place. The first time I had the italian beef and sausage combo sandwich with Cheezy fries. Score on both of those, but way too much food.\n\nSecond time I had just an italian beef sandwich with garlic parmesan fries and I was less impressed. The garlic parmesan fries are a joke compared to the artery destroying cheezy fries as they just just their crinkle fries sprinkled with garlic powder and a little canned parmesan cheese. I'll get the velvety cheezy awesome drowned fries again next time.\n\nThe beef in the sandwich on the second visit was a bit dry as well. Sure the bread was greasy and juicy but that can't really make up for it. Perhaps the sausage brought extra noms to the party. Maybe it was just a bad day the second time.\n\nThey do get extra points for having RC Cola which just totally made both meals even better than the usual fountain soda fare.\n\nItalian Combo sandwich: 5/5\nCheezy fries: 5/5\nItalian Beef sandwich: 3/5\nGarlic Parmesan Fries: 2/5\n\nClean: 5/5\nService: 5/5
I cut my teeth as a young professional on coffee and donuts, and lots of them.  Now . . . I look like one, too!  So today, a donut is really a treat and from now on, I'm waddling into Duck D's for whatever qualifies a donut worthy to celebrate!  Really, they are that good.\n\nTip: Wanna get your kids really wired before school?  Like bouncing off the walls just to tick off their teacher?  You know, for laughs and giggles?!?  Duck Donuts will knock their socks off.  Fantastic recipes.
Great food, great atmosphere. Clean. Excellent service. Great food, but I've had better elsewhere. Probably the best I've had around Scottsdale!
We left before our food even showed up. 30 minutes we sat and waited for fried pickles and mozzarella sticks in a restaurant where there was only 1 other table. We walked in the restaurant and it smelled slightly of dirty mop water. 30 minutes of waiting and observing the staff stand around near the serving window/waitress station was enough for us. We left and went to our go-to date night spot. Save yourself the trouble and don't go to Charr. I can see why the restaurant was empty at 530pm on a Saturday.
I sat at the bar at around 10ish had the bartender Geovany absolutely terrible service. The moment we got to the bar the bartender didn't even acknowledge us we ordered two beers and a few items from the happy hour menu. \n\nThe food was great we got the sliders and the quesadillas. On the second round of drinks we ordered around 11:34PM the bartender took our order and didn't serve us until everyone else on the table was served. \n\nI keep going back to service but the only reason I'm even writing
You MUST try the duck wings. Soooooo good, and a really good portion size for an appetizer. There were 5 wings (which actually looked like legs). They were full sized, too. They looked like chicken legs.\nI had the lamb burger, which was really good, with the Cajun fries. My friend had the chicken salad with grilled chicken instead of fried chicken. \nEverything was very tasty, and our waitress, Omorese, was super friendly.
4/5 for creativity. 5/5 for price point. 2.5/5 for execution.\n\nI love the tapas idea and they price the items accordingly. I got the bento box with fried cauliflower and veggie ramen. Bento box came out in a Styrofoam take out container which I thought was a bit odd. The "dessert" was chocolate chips, in a little plastic sauce container, also odd. Overall not bad, the Wasabi aoli was pretty good.\n\nThe ramen, overall, was pretty good. This actually came in a real bowl, but the bowl was pretty small. Would have been nice to have more soup, I mean that's the point of ramen right?? The noodles themselves were pretty reasonable cooked although not perfect. The flavor was pretty damn good, though beans in ramen was a little odd. \n\nMy friend got one of the rice bowls, which was pretty good, although it did have a sort of odd flavor or spice to it.\n\nThe drinks were delicious though! Only good things to say there.\n\nSo I'll definitely be back, but won't hold my expectations very high. From reading other reviews, seems like the quality can be inconsistent. Not sure what's happening in their kitchen, but if they can get their consistency better then it has the potential to be great.
Worst experience ever Alejandra was very rude she even stated to me she was the manager when in fact she is the assistant manager at the store visited around 5:48 pm...I presented a coupon to her that said "Valid for in-restaurant orders only, excluding kiosk orders. Extras & Deluxe additional. Plus tax. No cash value. Not for sale. 1 time use. 1 coupon per qualifying item(s). Cannot be combined with promotional offers. Void if transferred, sold, auctioned, reproduced, purchased or altered, & where prohibited. Valid at participating Clark, Lincoln, and Nye County, NV area locations. Exp 10/3/17." She informed me that it could only be used for sandwiches that were under the discounted menu no where does it says this on the coupon above...when asking for the Corp. Number she told me to google it as I walked out the store it's clearly posted on the door. Even if she didn't know "google it" was a very rude response. To add insult to injury to talk shit in Spanish to the other customer in the store as if I don't understand made matters worse!!! Would give now stars if I could!!!!!
Great solid pizzeria. I get pizza at least once a week, so I've tried out all the local joints , and in my opinion, this is the best place in the area. Their walk-in and managers specials are amazing value. Their toppings are flavorable and plentiful. Would highly recommend!
I am really sad about having to write this review, but I feel like I have to since the latest reviews don't really seem to reflect what's happened to the place. I used to be this place's biggest fan, always raving about it my friends (and even strangers!) but today I was really disappointed and I don't think I'll be going again.\n\nA friend and I came in today and we were surprised by a giant hanging shoe rack-- while fine in theory, people's feet smell, and having several stacked up right by the door was not a great idea considering the place is already narrow. I also noticed that there was a significant lack of lighting, and artwork.\n\nWe weren't even given any menus, but were told to grab a couple ourselves from a basket. That was really strange since normally you're given one as soon as you're seated, but I was willing to look past it. The new menus are very hard to go through, so I stuck to the old menu that's been around for years, and picked out a tea. One of the employees suggested something else, and after we agreed to try it, he went off to the back and sang while he made us our tea. It took him a long time to get back to us, passing back and forth while chatting to others, letting us know that he'd be "several minutes." We didn't get our order taken til 15 minutes after sitting down, but we did get our tea quickly once he had a minute. The weird thing is, though, that one of the owners was there, and he was just lounging around.\n\nThe tables were sticky, but the employee who sat us down ran off to grab some napkins to clean up. After we got our drinks, we felt like we were unwelcome. The owner didn't even acknowledge us but literally took the time to greet everyone else who walked in. We were also ignored for the entire time we were there, so we ended up deciding to cut our visit short and just pay for the one pot of tea. We left without anyone acknowledging us (after paying), and both my friend and I felt really uncomfortable and like people were being hostile towards us.\n\nWe did notice the demographic changed a lot from when we would go in-- there didn't actually seem to be very many people in, but the people who were in were performers for the event happening later on that evening. I always went to Bampot for the atmosphere and the people, but now it seems like those have deteriorated as well. The food was never that great (though I've always loved their sahleb), the service is dangerously close to bad, there seems to be a newly developed hostility to people who don't fit the Bampot "type," and the new seating is really uncomfortable and cramped in the back. The tea is very good, and it always has been, but it wouldn't be hard to find another place to pop in to.\n\nI really hope they get their shit together, I loved this place in the past and it's just so sad seeing what it's become now.
I was disappointed with Hero Burger.\n\nI tried their bleu cheese burger back in April and expected it to be juicy and delicious, but the meat was subpar.
Came back after many years. I had the large gyros with everything. It was good, but not as good as I remembered. \n\nMost of the staff was good, but the lady who took our order was curt. \n\nI'd come back.
Fun and enjoyable. \nBar, bowling, and games! \nHad a blast price on drink is fair, but on games find it a little pricey but great place! \nSweet girl bartender at bowling aisle and the gentlemen at the bowling area!
The perch was delicious, but we went at 7:30 p.m.  on a Friday night and with the wait we didn't eat until 9:30 p.m. The wait was just too long and the service did not make up for it. If we did go back it would have to be at 5:30 p.m.
WOW. Not just great and authentic Italian, some of the best food we've eaten out in a long long time.   We eat out a lot, and obviously don't leave Yelp! Reviews very often.  This place demanded my review.  Sausage and peppers & antipasti were amazing!!! House chianti, delicious. Atmosphere, service fabulous!  Spaghetti aglio olio OMGSH and the chicken parm  was huge and so yummy. Tiramisu is best I've ever had... very authentic!! Obviously family owned.   At least half of the customers that entered while we were there were greeted with a hug.  We are considering going back tomorrow.  Lol. We also own a small family business, and only pray our clients are as pleased.
I had a blast! We got the groupon deal for $20 which included unlimited interactive game play and a $10 play card. So much fun! \n\nI hadn't been to a game works in years and I was pleasantly surprised with this location. Lots of fun games, clean, friendly service and open until midnight. Good times. Definitely will be back again.
I have been to this Smashburger a few times since they have been open. Almost every time I've gone in I have been waited on by this lovely young lady Latrice. She has given me outstanding service every time. When you walk in the first thing you see is her smiling face. Latrice has made each and every one of my visits amazing. Thank you for the great service and awesome food!
Worst place I have ever been to asked the server 2 times for water and looked at me like I was stupid and didn't bring anything, not even napkins. I should have got a free meal for putting up with the horrible service.Never going back
We have 3 teenagers ages 18, 14 & 12.  We wanted to check it out and take the kids to do something fun before school started back up. We are locals and this was our 1st time going to Town Square and to Gameworks.   Loved Town Square. .I will have to do another review on that. We entered Gameworks from the bar/restaurant side.  The bar area is pretty big.  On the opposite side of the bar is a huge area for dining.  In fact i think that area is too big.  They should probably reduce the dining area by half to make room for more games. The gaming area was not what i expected it to be.  I mean they had some cool games but i thought the area would be much larger.  The computer gaming room was pretty cool.  My son wanted to play but we didn't get a chance.  It was only $5 an hour to play on the computer. ..next time we go I'll let my kids play in there.  There was a bowling alley in a separate room...we didn't go check it out tho. We didn't eat there this time around so I don't know how the food is. They could do with getting a few more shooter games as those are the kind of games my kids like.  We spent $54 on a play card with 400 credits which was enough for the 3 kids.  Next time we will spend a little more.  Overall this place is pretty cool.  My kids had fun and wanted to stay longer. On the next visit my husband and i will get some food and drinks while the kids go play.
I've now visited this Barrio several times. I'd been to one of the locations on the west side, and I was delighted that they'd expanded to my part of town. \n\nThe food at Barrio is delightful - their only real food is tacos, and during happy hour, they're super cheap - $1 off. The best deal in the place, though, is their margaritas. At $3 during happy hour, they're a steal, and they're quite delicious. Try the jalapeno flavor, and consider mixing it with another fruit flavor!\n\nTheir tacos are delicious and truly hit the spot. There's a ton of variety insofar as what you can put inside them, and the choices I am able to enjoy (I'm a pescatarian), the fish, shrimp, and tofu, are all fantastic. \n\nMy one big complaint is the lack of happy hour tables. As I mentioned, their happy hour specials are a big draw to coming here, but they have a limited number of happy hour tables when compared to regular tables. The bar is also an option, but if you're there with a group, it can be quite difficult to get a table as the wait is often an hour or more. The staff is honest about it, which helps, but it's still disappointing to go to a place expecting happy hour and then effectively be forced to sit at a regular table.\n\nI'll be back despite these shortcomings. Barrio is too good to pass up.
I have been to the original Duck Donuts many, many times, so this was a fun addition to the neighborhood. The donuts are the same, or at least I think they are--though the ambiance is cutesy, it doesn't have the shack-esque charm of the home location, which mingles with ocean air to make fried dough slathered in liquid sugar taste better. \n\nMostly, I'm happy to see a homemade donut shop in the area, and would love more. These actual donuts are good, but the toppings seem to have that funky glossy additive that makes them look pretty but stick to the roof of your mouth, which I hate. I stick to the cinnamon sugar and am a happy camper.
What can you say about a place you can get a great burger and fries for $4?? The garlic burger was a bit greasy but the regular fries were awesome!!
We go to the preserves often we think it is a great under utilized resource for knowledge for our community.\n\nFabulous pace to take the kids and visitors in showing Vegas.  This is our first time eating at the Cafe.  We are happy we went, they have lots of fresh items.  Salads, veggies and whatnot, the salad my man ordered was amazing he loved it, fresh crispy iceberg wedge.  I got the Caesar, yummy.  We also got the CHARCUTERIE a nice basic variety of tasty Cheese and Meats but good.  We finished off with a TURKEY WRAP it was so good, I was so full but ate more then I wanted.  \n\nWe of coarse had leftovers and enjoyed them after but for a large lunch we left very happy and will be back!  Yummy :)
I love Napoli's. Oh how I love it! I love it so much that when my flight lands from St. Louis (I go to college in MO), I already have my mum (or dad or whoever is the airport slave of the day) call in my order in the car! I love how thin the crust is and how cheesy the pizza is and how mild the sauce is. It's not too acidic or too sweet. It's JUST RIGHT. Also I may be a little biased as I love wet pizza and lots of cheese. :D The closest thing I can get to this place in STL is The Good Pie. And it's more traditional Neapolitan pizza than Napoli's is.... but damn, Napoli's is like a Neapolitan pizza had sex with a normal NY style pizza and then YUM sprang forth. Yeah, I love this place, that's probably an understatement. I also love the fact that you can get beer from the case behind you with your pizza...because PA is such a booze-Nazi state. :x
Sorry to write a downer..\n\nI ordered the Club sandwich fully involved (without the spicy mustard and onions), it was warm and drippy.. Warm is good, taste is good.. all good so far.. but the Drips from mayo :(, ugh i dont want wet spots on my slacks from lunch.  \n\nI also felt queasy afterwards, couldnt get the sub i had off my mind.. \n\nIve had Firehouse sub in Florida years ago, it was fine. Maybe it's this location?\n\nBTW i ordered online and i arrived a minute early from the expected time and my sub was ready, that was cool.  \n\nSubway seemed to be better?  maybe next time ill try a different sub and ask them to lay off on the mayo to prevent drips..i'll also ask around for favorite subs from firehouse.. maybe the club wasnt their specialty.. \n\nI felt like i was in a little firehouse with a lot of patrons.. :)
I have been coming here at lunch this past year.  What makes this place is the food.  The view makes the experience great taking you away during a busy work week with the fantastic view.  My go to here is the Thai  satay salad and the fish tacos are always good.
Would not recommend.  Slow service Saturday night. Food was nothing special. Poor quality for the price. Mains are $20+. For my chicken fratacelli: the pasta was not al dente and the chicken was charred. We waited over an hour for the food to come. Even drinks and bread service was slow. Bottle of beer took close to 15 minutes to arrive at the table. \nSpend your time and money elsewhere.
What a great place to take kids for a couple of hours while in Vegas!  It was clean and well-managed and the service was exceptional. Rami took especially good care of us (one of my youngest was scared on the 3D ride and she stopped it, took him off and then restarted it for my other kids so they didn't miss a thing). And when a game didn't work, they took care of it right away. Even the toys you buy with tickets are better quality then most in places like this.
I want to give more stars, but the last three times I've come to Barrio, they've messed up the order. I get that it's busy, but they've been around long enough not to F it up regularly. Wrong items, missing takeout items, whatever, it's not like this is a new place. If you can't handle a crowd, it isn't worth the hype.
Just went here today for brunch.. Expected better. Walked in and stood there for a good 5 minutes, in FRONT of the server.. and she didn't even acknowledge us. I was thinking maybe it was seat yourself, but nope, there was a sign that said please wait haha. Eventually, I asked if we could be seated, and she walked us over and mentioned she would bring the menus... waited another 15 minutes until the menus arrived. Then, waited another 10 minutes, until I flagged her down to take our order!\n\nWhen the food arrived, the homefries were WAY overcooked. On top of that, I was given no utensils.. no syrup (french toast), no ketchup. My goodness it was a trip of me trying to get the server's attention. Now, the server herself was super nice and kind, maybe she was super busy, but honestly I felt super invisible and irrelevant there. The food in \n\nThe food itself was decent, nothing 'wow' and not bad, but just same ole' brunch place. Expected a bit more. The pricing on it is acceptable though. \n\nI don't plan on returning.
First off, the decor to this establishment is stunning. The wait staff did their job well, filling up drinks and removing plates from the table. The buffet features your standard food found in other Chinese buffets, chicken and beef dishes, a salad and desert bar, rice dishes, noodles, and sushi. There is even a Hibachi grill where you can have your food cooked to order. The buffet features American dishes such as pizza and macaroni and cheese as well. The food ranges from mediocre to decent. Some of the food I actually enjoyed, however some of the chicken dishes were bland and rubbery, probably due to being frozen. Another complaint is the choice of music, the restaurant plays modern radio music as we dined. I do not want to listen to Justin Bieber or Rap/Hip hop while I am eating. I suggest a more classical approach, or Chinese music, fitting of a CHINESE restaurant as it is more calming. Overall, this is one of the better Chinese buffets out there and for around $10 per person, you can fill up your stomach with passable food.
My friends and I checked in during its second week of operation.  It was very busy at 9 PM.  We got a table for six quicker than I had thought.  It was slow to get our orders; but it was understandable as our server Jay was friendly and patient.  Myself and two of my friends are blind and he read us the menu; your web site is not totally accessable for our screen readers.  Chips and salsa of different varietieis are plentiful at our table and it was comfy.  I don't care for bar stools, but that was our only option for seats last night.  We got several different tacos; I ordered a la carte with the white widow soft taco filled with shrimp on one, mahi mahi on the second and chicken on the third.  I also got a side of Carolina reaper sauce.  They diluded the sauce to my surprise and I was not happy; I love spicy food and wanted to feel the pain of the hottest pepper sauce in the world!  Either way, Barrio's new location in Cleveland Heights will be our group's first or second restaurant choice after our Bible study lets out on Thursdays.  Ya'll are wonderful.  I also forgot about the excellent and crazy amount of margarita selections and full bar that was quite decent.
Yummy place to get some homemade donuts, they practically melt in your mouth.  Very yum yum.
What can you say about a campus institution like Zorba's? If you crave great gyros sandwiches and fries served fast, this is the place to visit. Super Niro Gyros serves good food but Zorba's has them beat for a quality product. Not a place to come for ambience, unless you like hanging out with self-absorbed Millennials with hands permanently attached to their iPhones. The tzatziki sauce is worth the price of admission though. Highly recommended.
NOTE: This is for the 'DROP AND DRINK' outdoor patio bar/food - could not find a place to review it on its own, I have NOT eaten at the inside restaurant 'Casual Water' and do plan to try it.\n\nWe went on Sunday, 7.20.14.  I was excited to find a place that had jazz outdoor on a deck on a Sunday evening (in the lake Wylie circular).  For several weeks I had prodded my bf for us to go.  Unfortunately, we won't be back.  The jazz was nice (turn it down just a tad for conversation).  The deck is very small and seemed to have a lot of regulars who lived by the club or had been playing golf.  Some quite visibly inebriated; one older gentleman sitting near us was slurring as he spoke to two ladies and then got up and left with car keys in hand.  There was a rather loud party celebrating a 75 yo lady's bday which was no problem but one lady walked around wanting them (and other patrons) to sing ('nah nah nah nah, goodbye'?  we didn't get it) over and over which was very annoying.  Also, lots of smoking on the deck, which is unpleasant for those who don't want to eat with smoke.\n\nThe service was terrible. We were there for over twenty minutes and had been given menus by a waitress with a sweet southern accent and long dark hair but she never came back. We finally flagged down a blond waitress and asked her to please at least put in a drink and app order for us.  Several of the outdoor tables were dirty and stayed that way for more than an hour, perhaps they were understaffed?  The blond waitress was very sweet and took our order but 10 minutes later came back and asked me what wine it was that I'd asked for.  I was very annoyed as I have worked in a restaurant years ago and you NEVER leave a patron that long without SOMETHING.  When she came back with our drinks I told her we'd been there for over 20 minutes without so much as ice water and she apologized and told us the drinks were on her.  Service was very slow, but friendly.  She finally brought us crab dip and it was decent but nothing to shout over.  We ordered food - I got the Roma Flatbread - I had asked the waitress what her recommendation was between that and the chicken salad croissant and she said the flatbread.  When I got it, it was absolutely SOAKED in the balsamic and pesto? - when she stopped and asked how it was and I said very messy/wet and she said, yes, it's really soggy.  ????Hello??? you recommended it.  Anyway I would never get it again, I was thinking a nice flatbread with basil, tomato and mozzerella and a bit of balsamic drizzle.  It was very spicy and literally swimming.  I had it all over my hands trying to eat it.  My bf's southwester wrap was pretty good.  The pub chips were ok, but Hickory Tavern, a chain, has better.  For $42 (not including tip) it was okay but we'd never go back.  The service was really super slow and disorganized and the food was mediocre at best.  Such a shame, it really could be a sweet little hidden gem.
I'll be straight with it: this place is really good.\n\nI had the large pho dac biet (house special pho - like I always do) and goi cuon (shrimp salad roll).  The pho broth was a tad on the lighter side but very flavourful and the noodles are the smooth, 'fresh' type -- I'm used to the 'chewier', 'chalky' standard noodles -- but this was still very good.  The goi cuon is one of the better ones I've had.  And as expected, it was really cheap and the portions were big.\n\nThey had some interesting specials on the board and I was pleasantly surprised they offered bun bo hue on the weekends.  But I went with my standard litmus test and I was there on a weekday.  Will be back to try this BBH -- that will really make or break the place for me.  But for now, a solid pho broth good enough for 4-stars.
Excellent food. Although it looks like a Mexican restaurant, it offers dishes which combine different South American and Spanish ingredients.\n\nGentle staff.
I've been on the search for an amazing donut in Charlotte and now I can confidentiality say it has arrived. The cat is out of bag or rather the duck because this place was packed! Don't worry the line goes fast and well worth the wait. I got the Strawberry frosted donut with bacon sprinkles. My stomach has never been so happy. You basically start with the donut and pick your frosting flavor then topping. As you wait for your donut you can watch them make your donut through the glass. The staff was friendly and genuinely happy to serve us our first Duck Donut.
Everything was amazing but please please reserve before you go. A party of 8 had arrived before us and the host said their reservation hadn't shown up on their system (how awful). Make sure you have a confirmation of your registration too to make things easier. \n\nAnyway, we were seated immediately - very packed place but the vibe is very nice, loud and lots of chatter. \n\nOrdered:\nCeviche with fresh chips\nBeef short ribs tacos (3)\nFish of the day tacos (3)\n\nEverything was nicely timed - once we finished the Ceviche,  the tacos were brought out after 5 minutes. We started with the fish and asked for it grilled instead of battered..great option! It was light and there was slaw with it. So good. \n\nNext, the beef short ribs tacos were outofthisworld good!! I wish I could order more but by that time we were full.\n\nUse that paper napkin..avoid the grease and sauces falling down your hands..haha\n\nBill came to $80 tax and tip in, with drinks.\n\nHighly recommended!!
We are from San Diego, and this place was our first place to have food in AZ. This is a nice restaurant. Fast services and very delicious food. My boy friend is a picky people, but he loved Pho in here. He said this place has the best Pho compare to San Diego. Also, cheap price.
I waited 45 minutes in the drive through line with 3 cars in front of me. The cashier did not even apologize for the wait. Very disappointed.
I came here with my boyfriend for dinner during restaurant week - it was $33 for a couple, you got an appetizer to split, 2 entrees, and a dessert to split. We started with the chili glazed wings. Now I'm not much of a wing person but these were awesome - super crisp and the glaze was amazing. For our entrees I picked the mushroom & brie burger and my boyfriend got the phoenix burger which both came with truffle fries. The server failed to ask how we wanted our burgers done and without being asked I forgot to specify so I ended up with a well done burger which I'm not into. The flavors were there just the fact that it was overcooked ruined it for me. My boyfriend enjoyed his though. The fries were phenomenal! I love truffle fries and these were some of the best I've had, really thin and the perfect level of crisp. For dessert we got a slice of cheesecake - nothing special, but it was good. Decent experience overall.
Can't beat the price of the lunch specials!  There are 4 options at the $6-$7 range that seem to keep the locals coming back.  I have had the Pho (rare beef), and it is always done well.  The specials can be a bit dry at times.   Also on the menu are more Chinese faves like the Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup, with either egg or rice noodles.  Flavour is great, portions are good, and price is right.\n\nThe place is small, and it packs up at lunchtime from the larger local businesses, so get in early!
Samantha Birsen was amazing getting my wedding reception all set up for me and our waitress was also amazing. Food was good. we had pizza it was really good we had thirty people. six pizzas was plenty of food along with party trays of cheese fruit and salad. Samantha went out of her way to make sure I had my wedding cake from a bakery and even picked it up for me. It couldn't of been a better day. Cheese was good fruit was good and games were fun. I'm not hard to please but was beyond amazed.
I recently had the pleasure of working with Good Dae Studio, (Sandee) on a T-shirt I wanted done. She helped me through the project and made me feel comfortable, although I had no idea what I was doing or what I really wanted on the shirt! She is extremely polite, helpful and overall she seemed like a good and caring person! I would do business with her again in a heartbeat! The quality of work was great, the price was fair and I received my items within a timely manner!
This is a good bakery/restaurant/cafe.\n\nThey feature a wide variety of "french style" baked good and a pretty decent menu for dining. They bake a lot of cheese  cakes: lemon, NY, Mango, Mocha, Mixed Fruit, Green Tea, Chocolate Grand Marnier, and Strawberry.\n\nThe also have the standards: Saint Honore, Viennese Chocolate, Chestnut Cake (layered with imported chestnut puree), and a slew of differently flavoured meringue cakes.\n\nThis is the place to take your date or significant other for some deep soulful looks, as you contemplate the universe, or more prosaically, the next few hours to come. Just like Soma, (no sexism intended), it is more a 'chick's place' than a man's. I tried to propose there, it's that kind of place.\n\nBut if you have a sweet tooth give them a whirl. I am partial to the fruit flan and the hazelnut chocolate mousse.
I usually eat here in the fundraising events. The food is not so good, especially seafood. ( I think they serve already died fish and lobster--I've already tried it) However, the price is cheap. A table with 12 dishes served for 10 people costs about $150.
Overall, I'm not buying the hype.  My inner fat kid refuses to rate a doughnut shop anywhere below 3 stars, but the reality is that I just wasn't impressed.  \n\nHaving been to Duck Donut locations along the coast, I'm not sure why I thought this one would be much different.  Let me clarify by saying up front that this is just my opinion.  To each his own, but I don't dig "caky" doughnuts.  Keep it flaky, not caky.  Think Krispy Kreme.  Are you with me?  Anyhow, caky it is at this place.\n\nAgain, my experience was less than stellar.  It had been years since I last visited an OBX location, so I needed a refresher on how things worked.  The employee behind the counter gave me a look as though I had just asked him to multiply 3,288 by 1,787 in his head.  Eventually I figured out that the doughnuts aren't sitting in a window to be selected until sellout.  Each doughnut essentially has the same caky base, and is then "topped" with your selections in an effort to transform them into something else.  Want a chocolate doughnut?  Well, you're gonna get a cake doughnut topped with warm chocolate goo.  Basically a cake hot from the oven that was frosted too soon, creating a soup like consistency that can hardly be called icing.  Not.  A.  Fan.  It's a literal hot mess.  Giving one of these to anyone under the age of 14 is just asking for it.  Hopefully you have baby wipes handy because no napkin in the world could clean up the aftermath.  I myself had little paper pieces stuck between my fingers clinging to chocolate schma, after the closest napkin disintegrated in my hands, until I could get to a sink.  That was after eating only half the doughnut, as the warm chocolate goo started to make me nauseous.  \n\nThe shop is tucked back in the never lands of the Kenilworth Commons shopping center.  Seating in the place is limited.  The coffee was nothing special.  The lack of service was mind-blowing considering the place had yet been open a week when I visited.  After paying, I awaited my doughnuts and coffee only to realize that the cashier should've given me my coffee cup.  I went back over to claim said cup, but he was still clamoring to find the solution to 3,288 X 1,787.  Hopeless. \n\nBTW, in case you were wondering, 3,288 X 1,787 = 5,875,656\nYou're welcome.
I think it says something that my friend has searched far and wide throughout all of Chicago and failed at finding another gyro place as good as Zorba's in Champaign.\n\nThroughout my 4.5 years in Chambana, never once did I have a less than spectacular meal here. Both their chicken and original (I believe it is a mix between beef and lamb) gyros are mouth-watering. I was afraid that the lamb would have that weird gamey taste, but it only made for a more complex flavor, which I totally didn't expect. \n\nThey have a great selection of sauces that I am guilty of drowning my gyros in. Their fries are made to order and come out piping hot and are even more delectable with a dipping sauce concoction of my own (made by combining their honey mustard and cucumber sauces - must try). What I found surprising is that no one knew about their unlimited and FREE toppings list. You can get a whole assortment of other toppings on your gyro all at no charge!\n\nTwo years ago, they started catering to the drunk, after-bars crowd on Fridays and Saturdays. However, those gyros are a fraction of the size and a fraction of the goodness of their regular ones. So I'd stick to One World to fulfill that drunken craving if I were you...\n\n*Also, I don't know if anyone else has noticed this, but I always come out of the restaurant smelling like I've dipped myself in frying oil. I'm thinking that their made to order fries has something to do with it.
Love Barrio, but this one is not Barrio at all. I've visited this one several times, very disappointing. The drinks tasted watery during happy hour. It takes forever for the bartender to take ours orders. Probably won't go back again. Location (for people who live at east Cleveland) is probably the only good thing I can say about this Barrio.
What happened to GameWorks?  I understand they had to make changes after moving from the Strip.  But my expectations were so much higher.  You walk into the new location and it almost seems empty.  There is a lot of square footage, but not enough games to fill the space.  \n\nI am not a gamer.  But I do enjoy sports, driving, and flying games.  They had a bit of a selection, but it seemed like there could've been so much more.  \n\nMy experience here was okay, but I don't see myself coming back anytime soon.\n\nI hope as time goes on, GameWorks is able to get to something near what the Strip location was.
Love their Chicken Marsala with garlic mashed potatoes and a Cesar Salad. Lobster Ravioli is excellent.
I love their Mango Meringue Cake. The strawberry is a bit sweeter than the mango. Very fresh and great for occasions
The only negative thing about this place was that I had to walk from St. George subway station. Arrived at the place and was seated immediately. Service was quick and straight to the point!\n\nStarted with the freshly made guac and chips. Guac was on point and definitely could taste the freshness of it. Chips were home made, light and crispy. Chips were able to sustain the dipping and did not crumble under the dense guacamole. \n\nQuickly after that it was followed by the corn. Very jooocey and succulent. Grilled to perfection and seasoned well. Possibly one of the best things I ordered tonight. Could be a bit messy to eat but well worth the trouble. \n\nOn came the tacos and burritos. No idea what they were called but they were definitely not your average taco and burritos.  Would not order these two again but that's just a personal preference. \n\nFinished with a churros dessert. Came out piping hot and smelt fantastic. \n\nOverall a FANTASTIC experience! Would definitely dine at this place again without a second thought.
Finally a Pho place close to home! If you're looking for a variety of dishes at a decent price, then this is your place. The broth is so delicious ( you can judge a good pho place by its broth) The staff is super friendly and the restaurant is very clean. Highly recommended.
This is a cute hidden place in downtown Phoenix. Great atmosphere. The pho is yummy yet not the absolute best I've had due to smaller serving size. However, if you're looking for a decent bowl of pho for super low price, definitely recommend this place!
After not being home for a year after deployment this was my first stop as it WAS one of my favorite restaurants. Took my elderly mother and my best friend here and had TERRIBLE service from a very young female. After we asked for various items numerous times and waited for the check for over 30 minutes, I asked to speak with the manager. The waitress came up to us as the manager was speaking to us and finally dropped off the check while rolling her eyes at us. We then got my card back and finally received the bag we had asked for and she rolled her eyes again at us. At this point I had had enough, this is no way to treat customers especially those that after being gone for a year and returning after deployment should be treated. They lost a very loyal customer tonight.
This was going to be our second visit to Playa Cabana. I had booked a table for 5 for Friday night 2 days prior... the person who picked up the phone reassured me and confirmed my reservation. When my friends arrived, they couldn't find my name on their reservation list. Apparently, the restaurant thought I cancelled my reservation when I actually didn't! They told my friend that they left me with a text message asking for my confirmation when I have not received anything from them! It was a Friday night and it was going to be very difficult for me and my friends to find another table at restaurants. I will not be coming back for sure. Very disappointed.
This is my favourite Vietnamese restaurant in T.O. The food is always good and the service is friendly. The other factor that makes this Vietnamese restaurant unique in Toronto is that it is actually owned and operated by Vietnamese!
Disappointed in the new location. I LOVE barrio and was so excited for an east side spot close to home. I literally crave their brunch bloody Maria's that I first had in tremont. I've found my service here to be fine, but not great ie asking for refills on water and. It being very attentive. My food here has not been to the same par as tremont or Lakewood. And most sadly the drinks have not been as tasty. The last house margarita I had was so salty I couldn't drink it. The last bloody Maria was spicy and had chunks of what felt like tomato paste in it. The server never even asked if our drinks were ok even though we didn't even drink half of them. I'm sure I will be back out of sheer love for the barrio brand, but it will be a long while before we give it another whirl.
I have been wanting to visit this place for years. So happy I finally took to time to come.
I like this place. I wouldn't say it's the best Indian food I've ever had, but it's close by and very convenient for me to get to and has some good options. I really enjoy their wraps, an easy and quick eat that's also delicious. I really like their naan choices too, lots of different flavors, very tasty. I like to get their tandoori chicken, pretty good - not the best I've ever had, but still, if I want tandoori chicken, I don't have too far to go. Definitely a good location. Prices are okay - in my experience Indian restaurants always seem kinda pricey; and the charging extra for rice is normal, though I don't care for it. I mean really, who isn't gonna need rice with their paneer?\n\nI think the one complaint I have is the service. It doesn't matter when I go there or how crowded it is or isn't - the service is always slower then I'd like. And it's a different waiter everytime - so I don't get that.\n\nStill, worth going to on the ocassion I am craving Indian food.
WORST ARCADE IVE EVER BEEN TOO. WORST BARTENDER CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. AND ALL OF IT HAPPENED ON CHRISTMAS DAY.\n\nFirst off, I went with my gf on xmas to kill some time and I shit u not, we couldnt find a single machine that wasnt broken one way or another. the shooting games only one side worked properly and the vr game the door wouldnt shut completely constantly opening and slamming ending up with a tear in my gfs cloths.\n\nit doesnt stop there....then we gave up on trying to enjoy their dog shit arcade so we went to drink and the bartender seemed like he hated his life and never asked us if we needed anything. constantly had to wave him down. it was not busy AT ALL on xmas at this shithole excuse of an arcade.\n\nDO NOT GO HERE. ITS THE REMNANTS OF WHAT USED TO BE A GOOD ARCADE WHEN THEY WERE LOCATED ON THE STRIP!!!
We came in with a friend and her son. Of course, not having any kids of our own, we left them to their own fun and we set off on our own. \n\nThe place was busy, but not packed. My partner found his favorite game (some shooter game where you sit in a booth, and you're a pirate fighting undead pirates), and we initially started having a blast. Next, we found an old school Capcom Vs Marvel game that took our credits, and didn't let us play. My partner went to the check in desk and they refunded the credits. Cool. Then we went to a few other games, and most of those would do the same. I started paying attention and saw that it was happening to others, too. \n\nAfter getting frustrated, we found our friend and her son and played a bit with him (some of those kid games are even more fun than the arcade games). The ticket redemption area was a madhouse, as to be expected, but the staff was friendly enough. The trainer could have been more helpful with his trainee, but he was preoccupied with chatting with his coworkers, who found it appropriate to flip one another off in front of small children (but at least the coworker had enough tact to discreetly disguise it as pushing up his glasses). \n\nOh, and beers are $8 and up (I thought Town Square was a local's place, not the actual Strip), and the girl at the ticket counter said he average cost of a play was 4-9 credits. Sure. In the kid's area. The rest was at least 10 credits a play. One play. No multiple lives, or more than one shot in the kid's area.
Always friendly and good food.\nThe burgers are great.\nNew bartender Melanie was very attentive and got the orders perfect.  Owners always remember your name unlike those chain places.
This was our go to place when we don't want to cook.  Their reubens are so satisfyingly good,  the house special pizza with the Montreal Smoked meat was crave-inducing and the pie tower was slobberingly good!  Most of all,  I miss the friendly and helpful staff and most importantly... Habs fans! It's only been less than a month since we left Ontario and we already miss you.
I don't really know where to begin. We'd been looking for genuinely good cake donuts in Charlotte and had lost hope, since the city is enamored with yeast donuts (thanks, Krispy Kreme). On a whim, while our power was out, we went to Duck Donuts and...\n\nWell, golly.\n\n1. They're crazy reasonably priced.\n2. They're crazy varied in their toppings.\n3. THEY'RE CRAZY FREAKING GOOD.\n\nBest in Charlotte, hands down. Warm with chocolate frosting for me, and maple with bacon for the husband. We both also really enjoyed the cinnamon sugar ones, though they could do with a little less sugar and a little more cinnamon.\n\nBravo, Duck Donuts. You guys are deeeeeelish.
After coming here I feel like this restaurant is overrated.  Our group tried a variety of things off the menu and it was all good but not outstanding.  The only dish that stood out was the Poblano Chile Rellenos. This dish was fantastic the flavours were unreal and the cheese was ooey gooey good!  The side of pork and beans were sadly left behind. \nThey have two options for the fish tacos and my friend & I both got it battered when they also make it on the grill.  The fish became soggy after eating the first of three tacos. \nThe agave margarita was nothing special either.  \nThe group enjoyed the ceviche, it was fresh and tasty but a bit too much lime for me. \nThe guacamole was good but the avocado itself lacked flavour even on our tacos. \nThe churros were crispy on the outside and soft & warm on the inside. The tres leche cake was rich and sweet.  It was the first time I've had it so I can't compare it to a homemade one.  My Salvadorian friends mother who I was with actually makes tres leche cake and she obviously likes her homemade cake better. \nI would return to try the other dishes but I don't think this restaurant is something to rave about. \nOh & our waiter was pushy and kind of rushed us.  We hadn't looked at the menu yet and he asked us if we would like some tortilla chips with SALSA. We of course said yes.  He asked us if we would like it mild, medium or hot and we asked for medium.  We then received GUACAMOLE instead of salsa and we were a bit confused.  After reading the appetizer menu we realized that there are two orders for tortillas chips and one comes with salsa & the other guacamole.  The guacamole is almost double in price than the salsa.  Almost like he did it on purpose since he did say salsa not guacamole.  The Salsa doesn't come in mild, medium or hot only the guacamole does.
This place is amazing. My favorite sushi joint in town. We moved pretty far away recently and still drive across town to come here. In addition to the outstanding food ...the service here is consistently awesome.
The concept of made to order donuts is brilliant. I visited with my boyfriend and we each selected three custom created flavors. It was very cool to see the environment and watch the staff create your masterpiece. Somewhat like an ice cream sundae. \n\nA few not so negatives, the donuts are cake donuts. If you prefer old fashioned, this is a bit of a tricky place for you. The staff seemed less than thrilled to make so many orders come to life. For many, you can tell it was just a job. Frankly, you can see past that if they don't screw up what you order. \n\nAll the donuts will come warm and by warm, I mean hot. The kids will certainly need to let these cool for a few before digging in.
By Far the BEST Mexican I have had in Toronto. \n\nWent last night with a group of friends, you will need to call for a reservation well in advance, We called for a reservation 3 weeks earlier, we were a group of 6 and wanted the back patio, very cute area and best place in the restaurant to sit.\n\nThe server was great, attentive when we needed him to be but we were left alone when we wanted to be, The drinks were fantastic, the Margarita was amazing and the mojito was delicious, and the great thing is they use agave nectar to sweeten all their drinks and not sugar so you aren't left feeling gross and bloated.\n\nWe started with the shrimp bucket, which was so tasty, the ceviche amazing and corn..... I still can't get the corn out of my head it was so good! My favourite item of the evening. for mains I had the fish taco's which were seasoned to perfection.\n\nThe only thing that was less then impressive was the churro we had for dessert, a bit over fried and too crispy.\n\nOverall a great experience, fantastic food and service, I would highly recommend playa cabana and can't wait to go back.
This was the worst run hotel I have ever been to. Sure it looks nice and the rooms are clean but the sheer incompetence of the staff was outrageous. They completely screwed up the reservations for the bride and bridal party the night before the wedding because the Kardashians came into town to sell some crap on QVC and needed the WHOLE floor for 2 people where the wedding block was supposed to be. They messed with a WEDDING for the Kardashians. Then once they "found" accommodations for a bride who had a signed CONTRACT with them, they proceeded to charge my brother and his soon to be wife 3 times for the suite that was supposed to be COMPED for the inconvenience completely draining their bank account directly before leaving for their honeymoon! The account couldn't be refunded immediately so they left for their honeymoon with only the cash from the cards they received. It would be nice if that was where it ended. The service in the hotel restaurant was pathetic. The father of the bride and family attempted to have lunch before the rehearsal and waited over an hour for food the server forgot to put in. The groom at a separate time had to remind a server 2 times to receive a beverage and waited over a half hour for food. ALL The tables in the restaurant were left dirty and un-bussed the entire length of brunch and The hotel bar was completely overwhelmed and understaffed on a weekend they had at least FOUR weddings booked. It was a complete and utter disaster and satisfactory compensation has yet to be made. It wasn't until the bride had to threaten the hotel management with the fact that she consulted with the lawyers she works for that they even started to make any attempt to rectify the situation in anyway.
Came here while we were in town visiting family this past Saturday night, and I would say without even reading other reviews on Yelp, I immediately thought wow, do they even know we are out here?\n\nWe had requested outdoor seating, and they put a table together really quick for us, however, no one came to give us menus until we had to run back inside to remind them we were here. The waitress was very nice and helpful, she asked how we liked our food prepared and suggested appropriate spice levels, however, getting our wine, appetizers, food and even the check was a very long process. \n\nI don't know if it has to do with kitchen organization or just a lack of needed staff. But do not come here if you are on a schedule. \n\nThe food is great - no complaints there! It wasn't the best Indian food I've ever had, but it really got the job done. We asked for Chef Hot and it actually came out spicy! We did enjoy it. I recommend the Tandoori Chicken,  Lamb TIkka Masala, Lamb Biryani and Naan!\n\nIn sum, good food, slow service, a good place to go if you're NOT in a rush to get anywhere after. Also, do not come here when you're on the brink of starvation, because by the time you get your food you might be on the floor.
Hey barrio, your phone isn't working right FYI. We keep calling to put in a take out order and it won't right and goes straight to "this customer has no voicemail." Please fix it so I can order tacos thanks.
I'm sorry to say that Zorba's is simply not the same... food is not special anymore.  It is confusing to just be in there.
Best service I' ever had. The manager was our waiter that night. He checked that we had enough sauces, drinks (refilling when drinks were not even half empty!), even napkins! We ordered a burger plus a side each. My husband wanted two different sides and they gave us the second as a courtesy of the house. I recommend this place to everyone who is after a good and unexpensive meal. (burgers at 7.99 and are huge). Open 24/7. Also serve breakfast.
Luke's brings back all my memories of good Italian Beef sandwiches in Chicago.  I have visited all three of their locations and enjoy the food at each of them.  It is a family run operation and they are all great people.  A Chicago delight for all of us transplants.
I deducted a star for the high price for a burger. The burger was juicy and filling, with a nice grill taste. The fries are DELICIOUS! Thin and crispy, full of flavour. The service was very attentive. Nice slightly upscale decor. They even were kind to my messy one year old!
The best french fries I have ever had. I didn't taste any truffle, but they were thin and crispy and cooked just right. I had the bbq burger and it was delish. The only reason I took off a star was service. Our waitress apparently knew the people at another table and spent all of her time speaking to them. We had empty glasses and a long wait to get our order taken and then to get our check. If the service was up to par I'd go back sooner.
What happened? I have been here in the past and both the food and service were very good. When we went there tonight the service was terrible and the food has gone downhill also. We were seated quickly when we arrived and we were given drinks and our orders were taken we were never asked again if we wanted another drink and our waitress never came back to our table the manager brought our food no silverware or napkins were at the table we had to wait for them also. This was the worst service I have experienced at any restaurant that I can remember.\nThe food is also not as good they used to have delicious garlic knot kind of buns. now they taste like bag of 8 buns that you get at Fry's for .99 gents. for a 12 dollar burger you will have to forgive me but I expect a little more.\nthis is unfortunate that they have gone so far downhill I used to really like to go here. I will not be returning.
Wow, would not have expected the meal we had to come from here.   Met Chef Tom outside and my friends and I decide to give it a try and what a great surprise. You need to spread the word.   Thanks Tom for the dip and great suggestions.
great sub!  i had the briskett..yumm  sauce packed with meat... will reccomend !
Everyone at my office LOVES this place, on my first day in my new office my wonderful boss took me out here and told me that D'lish is the go-to-place. It's a cute little cafe so I wasn't expecting much, but boy, do they make a GREAT salad. I really love their Mediterranean with Chicken. It's the perfect size, not a bad price, and the veggies are fresh and ripe! I just ordered for take out today, and I will say that the portions you get when you dine in are larger than the take out, which kind of bummed me out, but the salad was still D'Lish (haha!) I will keep going here, but I might just order in, and box it myself to get the larger portion. Great place for local business, and a quick lunch!
The amazing thing about this Subway is it's the worst quality in the entire Subway chain.\nWe've dined at Subways from coast to coast, border to border.\nEmployees at the Sams Town location have no clue what they are doing and the sandwiches suffer.\nA whole new definition of indifferent attitude and slow service too.\n\nOnly good Subways are where an owner is a hands on operator and this casino location is a ship with no captain. No supervision nor assurance of quality.\nWatch customers turn around and walk out after waiting long times despite no line with no one in front of them.\n\nThis is THE worst Subway you will ever visit.\nBad food, bad attitudes and very bad service.\n\nThe 5 star review is a shill.
I absolutely LOVE this place! I was hesitant on writing a review for here because I love the feeling of it being a small hidden gem but that's just selfish so here is my review: \n\nThe party I was with ordered the Chicken Alfredo, Spaghetti with meatballs, chicken caprese and garlic knots. Everything we ordered was delicious, you could tell the sauces were home made because of how good and flavorful it was. The bread was so good I could only imagine it was made from scratch. The environment was also very enjoyable, the waiters were all very friendly and helpful. Such a great place I will definitely be going back for either date nights or with the whole family.
In terms of inner city Mexican food, this is one of Toronto's greats. Expect your mouth to be assaulted with flavour. The menu is a perfect size, plus they offer Mexican Coke! The quality is so high that they could easily get away with higher prices and wouldn't lose very many people. A must try for anyone even mildly interested in the cuisine.
We went here a few weeks ago, I was pretty excited.  If I could give 3.5 stars/borderline 3.25, I would. I wanted to love this place.  The drinks are awesome. We will definitely come back for drinks! The food and service was just lackluster. The avocado bowl was primarily rice which had little to no flavor. The vegetable skewers were very tasty, the potato being the best part. We sat at the bar, and we were 2 of 4 people in the restaurant at that day but the server did not seem to want to really be there-which I understand, we've all had our off days but with the restaurant still being new, some friendliness and a smile would have gone a long way for sure.  Well will go back because like I said, the drinks are awesome bit I'm hoping they can fine tune the food menu, add a few more vegetarian choices and some more flavor and maybe have some happy shiny faces :)
My absolute favorite sushi place!!! There isn't anything that isn't good! Me and my bf love coming here! A little pricey but the portions are pretty decent! Would definitely recommend this place!
Since I work right down the road from Luke's, I tend to see it a lot when I am roaming around looking for something good to eat for lunch. I have to say up front, I've never had a classic "Chicago" style dog, but I figured I would go in and see whats good. This was about a year ago, and since my first visit, I have been back multiple times. \n\nThe service is what you would expect for a lunch time crowd. It can get busy, but the staff seems to manage it well. Of the menu, I have tried their chicken fingers, Italian sausages, hamburgers (cooked to order, so you have to wait a little bit) and their Italian beef sandwiches.  All of these items were good.... but nothing compares to the Double Dog, and heres why: They make it exactly how I want it, plain with two slices of provolone cheese melted on top. Amazing! You get fries and a beverage along with it, all for about $8.00. Not to say this is healthy at all, but come on, what Chicago style dish is? The Double Dog keeps me coming back. \n\nAn Al's Beef is just down the road, but in my experience, Luke's is a better bang for the buck. I also really like that staff is very friendly and likes to strike up conversation. \n\nAgain, I am no expert when it comes to Chicago beef or whatever...but If your in the area, and want a great meal for a decent price, Luke's gives you just that. No bells and whistles, just good food and a good lunch crowd with sports on to keep you company. I have yet to go in there and have a bad dish, or a bad experience.
Best Pho broth I've tasted in a long time! My dinner companion ordered Pho with tripe and tendon. While my Bun was very good, I was jealous of her choice the rest of the night. The portions are massive, the prices are awesome, and I'll totally be back soon to get a bowl of that rich layered broth for myself! This place is at least on par with Da Vang and Pho Than. What a great little mom and pop joint! Time and money well spent, people!
Everything is soooo amazingly fresh. The workers are very courteous and the taste is amazing definitely a must try!!!
Very tasty mexican food!!!\nThe people in the kitchen really care about quality.  Everything we had was super fresh and it felt like it was all made special for us = )\n\nHighly recommended.   Small place and not many seats, so goodluck finding a table
Great, friendly wait and kitchen staff; good food; great prices; food comes out fast. A perfect place for lunch or breakfast especially if you're in a hurry. They have a nice patio, a couple of TVs with CP24. I eat here almost every work day. Feels like home!
Zorba's has the best gyros, hands-down. I grew up in Champaign and this was a favorite stomping ground! Having lived all over the US now, I have never found a better gyro anywhere, and have even been known to drive from whatever corner of the US (currently CO :) I'm in just to get Zorba's for the weekend. So glad that they rebuilt!! Coming back in July, Zorba's!!
The patio is awesome, love the outside dining area and fire pit. Nice bar, comfy seating inside. However I have just never been wowed by anything on the menu. Their kitchen is open late which is really nice since I work late usually and they give me the option to still enjoy a dinner out. I have tried a decent amount of entrees and appetizers, nothing has ever been great. The soup was cold and smaller than a cup in my opinion. The just menu had just been changed (at least the grilled cheese description) I received a combination of what was on the old menu and new menu on my sandwich. I didn't complain because it was grilled cheese can't really mess that up too bad. BUT the soup was cold. I always ask for my pizza to be well done, it has been made well done ONCE of the 5 times I've asked. I understand that the staffing is based on eye candy I don't mind that, just seems to be a lot of slackers on the job with a few hard workers keeping the machine running. Bar tenders are usually great! Katy and Nancy are always a delight . I'll be back but won't be expecting much!!
Great! Very tasty!!! Love the chicken and waffles! Highly suggest it!!! Make sure to get those! Also, make sure to get the zucchini curls!! Soooo good!!!! :) love the atmosphere as well. Sometimes it's a little loud so keep that in mind!!!
Would of gave a 4 or a 5 I have been coming here a few months now, and I went in for my usual order, only this time it was for lunch with the kids during the day. The staff at night always allowed me to order there walking 3 topping special with a quarter of it only cheese for my picky 5 year old daughter. Well not this afternoon they were completely unsympathetic to my situation of having 1 out of 4 people only like cheese pizza l, they told me they could not do a quarter of Ly half even after I made valid points about how, I spend $40 a week there and that by giving me a quarter cheese they were actually saving ingredients, thus saving money. SMH don't no if ill return
I'm not big into donut shops but this has changed all that. Unique. Delicious. Melt in your mouth!
I've read so many glowing reviews I had to try it out for myself. The place is a little run down looking and there were sauce stains along the wall where my table is up against. Just remind yourself you're here for the food and NOT look around too much. I wanted to order the Bun Bo Hue but it's only available Friday to Sunday. I ended up ordering the Pho Bo Kho, a spicy beef stew noodle soup. Service was fast maybe because I was the only one there at 10 am. It came piping hot along with the requisite side of sprouts/herbs. The soup appeared oily but once you mix it around it's not that noticeable. But the taste was very flavorful. You know they took care & time to cook the broth down to this level of complexity. The rice noodles were the wide kind and soaked up the broth nicely. The beef brisket was a little gristly/fat but tender. I'm not a big fan of beef stew but this was damn amazing. I can't wait to come back for their Bun Bo Hue.
Absolutely no customer service.. i placed my usual order and was going to use there mobile app coupon with buy one get one free and they told me the coupon is not good just for today but i can pay full price for both sandwiches.. are u kidding me.. coupon states its good for today.. why have this mcdonalds mobile app if you dont accept its offers. This place is a joke and i will never go there again.. i told them to cancel the order and now i will enjoy my lunch at wendys..
We stopped in on a recent Fri. night.  There was live music on the patio but we opted to sit inside and were immediately seated.  The restaurant was 1/4 to 1/3 full but we sat there through at least 4 songs (about 15-20 min.) and no one asked us if we wanted a drink, brought us a glass of water, or acknowledged our presence in any way.  The hostesses were directly behind us, there was wait staff milling around chatting and cleaning other tables, a chef was chatting it up on the patio with other guests but we were completely ignored. I would've liked to try the food but the service was non-existent (other than being immediately seated by the hostess) so that we wound up walking out.
This is by far one best McDonalds I've ever been to!\n\nFrench Fries are always fresh & HOT, drive through is always fast, special orders are completed by the time I get to the final window, and the most important thing - my order is always correct when I get home or to the office.\n\nDrive through is open 24 hours for those late night cravings.\n\nThey even have a charging station for your electric vehicle and a large indoor playground for the kids.
Today I went to my favorite sub place "fire house subs". Worst experience ever might I say. So me and my mom got two subs we got home and they both were made incorrect! Made very sloppy missing the pickle missing toppings. I went back and explained everything he gave me a full refund that was the best thing and they remade the food. But when I got home my sub was still missing items. This has never happened before but I will never go back to this location again...
Place is so good!! Fancy! Best burger ever!! they serve it on a pretzel, yum-o! Everything is cooked to perfection and is fresh and tasty. The place is so city looking, has a colorful bar and is a good date place without the city parking hustle and parking issue. I will be back, also i hear they have groupons be on the lookout!
